---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-09-15T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Hebrews 5:7-9; Psalms 31:2-6,15-16,20; John 19:25-27]

*“When Jesus saw his mother and the disciple whom he loved standing beside her, he said to his mother, “Woman, here is your son.” Then he said to the disciple, “Here is your mother.” And from that hour the disciple took her into his own home.” - John  19:26-27  (NRSV-CI)*

In today’s Gospel we read about the final minutes of Jesus as a human being in this Earth. It is at this juncture that He tells John to take Mary as his own mother and He tells Mary to take John as her son.

Here John is representative of all of us. And it’s quite striking to me that Jesus would ask Mary to take John as her son. He could have stopped by just asking John to take Mary ans care for her as His own mother. But He went a step further and gave us all Mary as our Mother too. Mary is a pivotal part of the Gospel and I find it so sweet that Jesus gives us His mother as our own.

Mary is such an imitable person. We read how she responds when the angel Gabriel comes to her with the news that she would hear a child who would bring salvation to the world. She simply replies - _Behold the handmaid of the Lord, be it done unto me according to your word._

Mary accepted God’s will in her life with an open heart and that Yes from Mary was the pivotal part in our salvation. Mary was Holy, and her life of selflessness is a model for every mother. She was there with Jesus right from his conception to His death on the cross.

Today the church celebrates the feast of Our Lady of Sorrows. Let us ask Mother Mary to intercede for us, for our sorrows, our worries, our fears. Jesus gave her to us!

God Bless and have a great day!