---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-12-14T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Numbers 24:2-7, 15-17; Psalms 25:4-9; Matthew 21:23-27]

_Did the baptism of John come from heaven, or was it of human origin?” And they argued with one another, “If we say, ‘From heaven,’ he will say to us, ‘Why then did you not believe him?’ But if we say, ‘Of human origin,’ we are afraid of the crowd; for all regard John as a prophet.” So they answered Jesus, “We do not know.” And he said to them, “Neither will I tell you by what authority I am doing these things. - Matthew 21:25-27 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, we read about the Temple Priests questioning on who’s authority is Jesus doing these signs and miracles.

Jesus gave such an interesting and thought-provoking answer. Throughout the Bible, we see that Jesus usually puts the question back on the asker’s plate, as the motive behind the question is what determines the answer. In this case, the temple priests were quite fickle minded and were not willing to accept Jesus. Jesus asked them _Did the baptism of John come from heaven, or was it of human origin?_ The answer to this would reveal where they stand, but these folks were not looking for a true answer from Jesus, they were merely looking to trap him, so they refrained from answering.

The beauty of this lies in their minds. Their eyes were so blind to the spiritual, that they did not recognise John, and now they failed to recognise the Messiah. Sometimes we are too pre-occupied in our minds, that we fail to see the truth right before us. This made me ponder on the concept of a lie. Let’s take a simple example, when someone wants to stay back at home on sick leave, when they’re keeping well, they send an email tot he team telling them that they’re sick with fever, perhaps. Now many folks respond with condolences. Let's say this person now takes a stroll outside, and one of their colleagues see them, they now need to lie again, perhaps saying they needed to go to the doctor, then the next day when they return, people ask them how they feel, and they respond saying that they’re feeling better. And this spiral continues. The important aspect being, a simple lie, can lead to a cascading effect, where you lie to cover up another lie, and so on.

In the same way, when the priests, had lied to themselves that John was not a prophet, they further lied to themselves on Jesus being the Messiah. We see how much more they went, all the way up to crucifying Jesus. Lying can take you into a spiral, and the only way you can get out of it is by accepting the truth. The renewal of one’s mind is what brings one to the true understanding of the Kingdom! We all have so many lies that have been told to us, and lies we tell ourselves. Whether it be our misgivings, or our acceptance of something wrong in the eyes of God, by lying to ourselves that it’s fine. Lying is dangerous, as it takes us through a spiral!

Let’s open up our minds and hearts to the truths of the Kingdom. Let’s learn to lead truthful lives.

God Bless and have a great day!