---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-11-30T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Romans 10:9-18; Psalms 19:2-3, 4-5; Matthew 4:18-22]

_“The scripture says, “No one who believes in him will be put to shame.” For there is no distinction between Jew and Greek; the same Lord is Lord of all and is generous to all who call on him. For, “Everyone who calls on the name of the Lord shall be saved.” But how are they to call on one in whom they have not believed? And how are they to believe in one of whom they have never heard? And how are they to hear without someone to proclaim him?” - Romans 10:11-14 (NRSV)_

We’ve entered the season of advent with the new liturgical year since Sunday!

In today’s First Reading we hear Paul speak about salvation. He says that salvation is for everyone. He writes that there is no distinction between Jew and Greek. God chose each of us. God did not place any distinction on who was to receive salvation and who wasn’t. We are all chosen. And Paul posts a very thought-provoking question to us. For the people who haven’t heard of Christ, how are they to believe if no one proclaimed the word of God to them?

Each of us had the word of God proclaimed to us by someone. We might have been born Christian, but our acceptance of His salvation, the understanding of His plan in our lives came from someone proclaiming it to us. Perhaps a priests sermon or at a prayer service or from a friend or a message over the internet. Somebody took it upon themselves to proclaim His word to you and me.

We’re all called to Love, aren’t we! What is Love if we do not bring the most beautiful and precious gifts of all in Christ’s salvation to the people we are called to love!

Paul asks us the question today. Whom are we going to proclaim the Good News to?

God Bless and have a great day!