---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-10-26T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Ephesians 4:32–5:8; Psalms 1:1-4, 6; Luke 13:10-17]

*“You hypocrites! Does not each of you on the sabbath untie his ox or his donkey from the manger, and lead it away to give it water? And ought not this woman, a daughter of Abraham whom Satan bound for eighteen long years, be set free from this bondage on the sabbath day?” - Luke 13:15b-16 (NRSVCE)*

In today’s Gospel, we hear of Jesus healing a crippled woman. She was bound for 18 years and Jesus seeing her plight cured her.

The setting of today’s Gospel is very interesting. Jesus was teaching at the synagogue when this woman appeared. Jesus saw her, called her to Him, and then touched her back and healed her. It’s very important to realise here, that her ailment came from her being under the clutches of Satan. Once again, we need to see here, that the healing that she received was more for her soul. She, through her act of coming to Christ, sought Him, and Jesus seeing her, frees her from the clutches of the evil one.

Sin is a gateway for the evil one to affect us, and we see here, that this woman was under the clutches of Satan. There isn’t much written here about what was the reason she was suffering. But if we had to paint a picture of how she might have lived in society, we can draw that she might have been shunned away by the people around her. She might have felt alone, and her condition and the lack of self-worth had made it difficult for her to reach out and ask for healing, The mere act of her coming to where Jesus was, was enough for Jesus to look at her, call out to her and heal her. Sometimes in our lives, we need to just go and sit by Jesus, he knows what we need, and He’ll heal us!

The second thing is about the leader of the synagogue, who did not approve of Jesus healing her on the Sabbath. He made a cry about it being work, and that there are 6 days for healing. The leader was being legalistic in his thinking, and he had taken his vocation as a job. Jesus sets him straight by saying - _And ought not this woman, a daughter of Abraham whom Satan bound for eighteen long years, be set free from this bondage on the sabbath day?”_

Jesus through His actions in the Gospel, tell us that we must not be legalistic when the time comes for us to do His work. As His work is not work, in the worldly sense of the word. God's work, is above all!

Let us learn to go to Jesus, and keep ourselves open to His will. He sees us, He sees our pain, our sufferings, and He will heal us.

God Bless and have a great day!