---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-12-21T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Song of Solomon 2:8-14; Psalms 33:2-3, 11-12, 20-21; Luke 1:39-45]
_And blessed is she who believed that there would be a fulfillment of what was spoken to her by the Lord. - Luke 1:39 (NRSV)_
In today's reading, we read about Mary visiting Elizabeth.

The part about the Gospel that struck me was these words of Elizabeth where she calls Mary Blesses, for she believed that what was spoken to her would be fulfilled. We sometimes take for granted, Mary's Yes!

Let's put this into perspective, Mary was about 12-14 yrs old when she had the Angel Gabriel appear to her and prophesy over her about the child she would bear. And she said yes! The first part to this was her accepting the prophecy and saying Yes. We all have free will, a gift given to us by God, out of His love for us. Mary had the free will to accept or deny this prophecy. That's an important thing for us to remember.

She not only accepted but believed in the fulfilment of the prophecy in her life.

I find that these are two very difficult things to put into practice. One is to accept God's will in our lives. We need to seek God, and He will reveal to us His will in our lives. Both these aspects, seeking and hearing requires us to submit ourselves to God. The next part os to believe in what has been spoken to us. We call this faith. Faith in a God who we know, love and trust. Faith in a God who does not fail us. Any prophecy needs us to respond back in faith. In a similar vein, any prayer on our part requires us to believe in it completely. Faith is a true and complete acceptance of God in our lives.

Mary had so much faith! This is one area I find difficult to accept - Complete Faith in Christ. The world makes the situations in our life seem so contrary to what God teaches us, and we succumb, many a time to His promises. I find Mary's example of true and complete faith in God, such a model to follow.

Let's pray that we can have as much faith as Mary had.
God Bless and have a great day!
