---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-12-16T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Isaiah 45:6-8, 18, 21-25; Psalms 85:9-14; Luke 7:18-23]

_When the men had come to him, they said, “John the Baptist has sent us to you to ask, ‘Are you the one who is to come, or are we to wait for another?’” Jesus had just then cured many people of diseases, plagues, and evil spirits, and had given sight to many who were blind. And he answered them, “Go and tell John what you have seen and heard: the blind receive their sight, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead are raised, the poor have good news brought to them. And blessed is anyone who takes no offense at me.” - Luke 7:20-23 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, we read of John’s disciples on his behest coming and asking Jesus if He was the Messiah.

I find this question quite interesting because John was the one who baptized Jesus, so I wondered why would he ask such a question. Wouldn’t he have known? Given that the heavens opened up when Jesus was baptised? Breaking the scene down, we see that John was in prison at that time, and he perhaps knew that his time was coming to an end. He perhaps was weak, while in prison, and doubt might have overtaken him. His life's purpose was to pave the way for the Messiah, he so wanted to be sure that he had fulfilled his purpose. Jesus’ response was amazing, He gave him all the signs he needed to be assured that he had fulfilled his purpose. So now, John can die in peace!

I find this beautiful, as even the greatest of the prophets could doubt. But Jesus spoke to him through his doubt and put him at rest. We all feel doubt, fear and anxiety. But what we do in that situation is what determines the outcome. If we sink deep and let our minds overtake ourselves, we’re pained down and lose sight of our purpose. For people who overthink, like me, this is a constant battle. But Jesus reminds us, in today’s Gospel, that we go to Him in such a situation. We lay our doubts our fears down at His feet, and ask Him to reassure us, heal us. And Jesus will use just the right words, to touch and heal us. I’ve experienced this multiple times, but time and again, fall back into fear. But the one thing I’ve learned is that I need to run to Jesus when I’m struck with fear. For Fear, is after all False Evidence Appearing Real, and only the truth can set us free!

God Bless and have a great day!