---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-08-20T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Ezekiel 36:23-28; Psalms 51:12-15, 18-19; Matthew 22:1-14]

_“But when the king came in to see the guests, he noticed a man there who was not wearing a wedding robe, and he said to him, ‘Friend, how did you get in here without a wedding robe?’ And he was speechless. Then the king said to the attendants, ‘Bind him hand and foot, and throw him into the outer darkness, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.’ For many are called, but few are chosen.” - Matthew 22:11-14 (NRSVCE)_

Today’s Gospel passage is very interesting and Jesus once again speaks to us in parables explaining to us the Kingdom of Heaven.

The whole passage when you read it, you'll realise points to Israel as the chosen people, and the servants whom God sent to call them for the wedding banquet are the prophets. The first set of prophets were heard but not heeded to. Then when the second set of prophets were sent, they too were not heard, but they didn’t stop there, some were even killed. Then finally since those who were invited to the wedding, were not ready, that is God’s chosen people were not ready/worthy, the King sends his slaves to go and call everyone from the streets, whether they are good or bad and bring them to the wedding banquet.

It is here at this juncture that the verses above come in. When the guests who were not wearing the wedding robe enter, they are asked how come they entered here without a wedding robe, and then they are sent out into the darkness. Jesus us our wedding robe. He died for our sins, so that we may be worthy to take part in the wedding banquet. The banquet of heaven. Whoever does not put on the robe, that is Jesus, does not get to partake of the Kingdom! The message is simple. Jesus is the way to the Father. Jesus is the way to Heaven! We just need to accept Him and follow His commands. Remember, in a previous verse, Jesus calls us His friends, and He defines a friend for Him, as one who keeps His commands, which is to love one another as Jesus loves us!

So let’s pray to God to give us the grace to be able to accept Jesus’ robe of salvation, and let us strive to keep His commands of loving one another as He loves us!

God Bless and have a great day!