---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-07-23T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Jeremiah 2:1-3, 7-8, 12-13; Psalms 36:6-11; Matthew 13:10-17]

_The reason I speak to them in parables is that ‘seeing they do not perceive, and hearing they do not listen, nor do they understand.’ With them indeed is fulfilled the prophecy of Isaiah that says: ‘You will indeed listen, but never understand, and you will indeed look, but never perceive. - Matthew 12:13-15 (NRSVCE)_

Today’s Gospel passage is a very interesting one. The disciples go up to Jesus and ask Him why He speaks to them in parables. Jesus answers beautifully by telling them that some see but do not perceive, and those that hear and do not listen. Jesus, the messiah, was amongst them, and not many of them grasped who Jesus was. There were a few at that time, Jesus' disciples and followers who understood who He was. Just think about it, if we lived in a time when Jesus roamed the Earth and knew what we knew now, about His kingdom, what would we have done!

Another important thing to note here is in understanding the parables, and by that scripture itself. Many read, but do not understand. We need to be guided by the Holy Spirit, as Wisdom comes from the Lord. We cannot try to understand and interpret scripture on our own. When we do that, we will merely read. The treasures of life and God’s kingdom are hidden in scripture and through Jesus; parables. Jesu spoke in parables os that people may look into it, and find deeper meaning, Just as the Word is a Living Word, the parables speak to each of us based on our current situations. Now comes the next part, how do we fill ourselves with the Holy Spirit? For the Holy Spirit to be alive and active in our lives we ought to live pure and holy lives. When we do live a life that’s based on the Lord’s Commandments, our eyes are opened, and our ears are opened to the greater mysteries of what God wants to reveal to us. Human knowledge cannot tap the mysteries of the Kingdom, it’s only His wisdom.

Let us pray and ask God to open our eyes and ears to hear Him and see Him move in our lives.

God Bless and have a great day!