---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-09-29T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Daniel 7:9-10, 13-14; Psalms 138:1-5; John 1:47-51]

*Nathanael asked him, “Where did you get to know me?” Jesus answered, “I saw you under the fig tree before Philip called you.” - John 1:48 (NRSVCE)*

In today’s Gospel, we see Jesus calling Philip and Nathaniel. IF you read a few verses before this, you’ll find that Jesus had called Philip, and Philip then called Nathaniel. When Nathaniel meets Jesus, He welcomes him and tells him that He saw him under the fig tree before Philip called him. This was a big moment for Nathaniel, he was overjoyed and awed by the fact that Jesus had seen him under the fig tree, and then Nathaniel exclaims “Rabbi, you are the Son of God! You are the King of Israel!”.

This verse reminds me of the truth that we all need to know. Jesus sees us. We might be the smallest of people, we might feel that we're hidden away. We're perhaps at church doing the things that go without recognition, like cleaning the benches or carrying the chairs. You might be hidden away from the view of the people, but Jesus sees you. He knows you. He knew you before you were born in your mother’s womb, you were conceived in His mind first. That knowledge that the God of the Universe knows you, will set you free. Remember that, the people around you might neglect to see you, but God always sees you.

Tell a friend that they are notices by Jesus, and He knows them!

God Bless and have a great day!