---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-09-09T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

In today’s Gospel we hear Jesus speak out what we called the Beattitudes. He says

*“Blessed are you who are poor, for yours is the kingdom of God. Blessed are you who are hungry now, for you will be filled. Blessed are you who weep now, for you will laugh.” - Luke  6:20b-21  (NRSV-CI)*

We all live on this earth and we’re like pilgrims here. This is not our final destination. Our final destination is Heaven. In this world, we’re measured by how much we own. Our worth is on the basis of our jobs, our wealth, our clothes, etc. Jesus tells us that the baseline for measuring ones worth in heaven isn’t based on these worldly things. He calls the poor, the hungry... blessed. Jesus is explicitly blessing those who are facing a hard time here on earth. And he tells them that they will be rich in heaven. The riches of heaven are not at all like the ones in this earth. They are far more precious and far more valuable. He blesses the poor and the hungry of this earth with the treasures of eternity.

We all go through difficulties in our lives and we wonder Why is this happening to me? Why am I being punished? Why don’t I have this or that! We feel like we’re not blessed with riches or wealth. It might look like the folks around you are doing everything the world asks them of and more and continue to grow rich, and your faith, and your determination to hold on to Christ, to pursue him, puts you at a beach seat. Well, my dear friend, this is where Jesus says, that your riches are in heaven. Your blessing is in heaven. So continue to pursue Christ, spread the word. For your reward is in Heaven!

Go’s Bless and have a great day.