---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-09-01T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[1 Corinthians 2:10-18; Psalms 145:8-14; Luke 4:31-37]

_For what human being knows what is truly human except the human spirit that is within? So also no one comprehends what is truly God’s except the Spirit of God. Now we have received not the spirit of the world, but the Spirit that is from God, so that we may understand the gifts bestowed on us by God. And we speak of these things in words not taught by human wisdom but taught by the Spirit, interpreting spiritual things to those who are spiritual. - 1 Corinthians 2:11-13 (NRSVCE)_

In today’s First Reading we hear Paul talk to us about the importance of spiritual discernment, and more so why we need it.

The Bible teaches us that God loves us, and He has a wonderful and beautiful plan for us. A pivotal part of this plan of course is for our salvation, for which Jesus paid the price on the cross. When we accept Christ in our hearts and want His plan in our lives, we turn to Him and seek Him. Paul writes that for us to understand what is truly from God, we must have His Spirit - that is, the Holy Spirit guiding us. For what is of Humans, we can understand, because we are human spirits. But what is of God, we can only discern through His spirit. We need the Holy Spirit in our lives, and only through the Holy Spirit can we discern God's plan in our lives.

Spiritual Discernment is a very important aspect of our Christian life. We need discernment in every walk of our life if we truly want to do the work of God. That is if we truly want to abide by his will on our lives. God sent His Holy Spirit to us, so that He may be a companion to us as we live our life out here on earth. The Holy Spirit is here to prompt us, nudge us, guide us. We need to seek our and hear His voice. It’s important to develop the ability to discern God’s voice from other voices in our lives. And the way to do that is through a deep and personal relationship with Christ. Life with the Holy Spirit and Life without the Holy Spirit is night and day, they are worlds apart. Let’s pray to the Lord to give us the gift of discernment, and most importantly, the ability to hear Him, but let us start by going to Him daily, so we can develop a much closer relationship with Him.

God Bless and have a great day!