---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-08-18T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Ezekiel 28:1-10; Deuteronomy 32:26-28, 30, 35-36; Matthew 19:23-30]

_And everyone who has left houses or brothers or sisters or father or mother or children or fields, for my name’s sake, will receive a hundredfold, and will inherit eternal life. But many who are first will be last, and the last will be first. - Matthew 19:29-30 (NRSVCE)_

Today’s Gospel continues from yesterday’s with the story of the rich man. The part that struck me most about today’s Gospel was how Jesus explains the importance of keeping our eyes set on eternity.

Time and again we hear in the Gospels that this time we live on Earth is a temporary phase. It’s a short period compared to what eternity is. I found the explanation that Bro. Jude had given to explain eternity quite interesting. Imagine you took a toilet paper roll, and cut one piece, and let’s say that represents the span of our life on Earth. Now what remains in the toilet paper is a thousandfold of that isn’t it? Imagine a never-ending toilet roll. That’s what eternity is. Our lives on this earth are minuscule, compared to eternity. And that’s why Jesus keeps reminding us to not place too much importance for things of this world. He asks us to leave all that the world has to offer and follow Him. We can only go to the Father, to Heaven through Jesus.

There is a constant battle for our souls, and the evil one wants us not to go to Heaven. The Evil one constantly tries to steer us away from God by feeding us with the pleasures of this world. We’re tempted to focus on the period that the tiny toilet roll piece represents when we have all of eternity to look forward to. Following Jesus is not an easy decision, but He is the only way the truth and the life. He is the only way to the Father. Jesus very explicitly tells us that we’d have to leave our possessions, our brothers, sisters, mothers, etc. for His sake. It’s not easy! When we decide to follow Jesus, sometimes the people closest to us might be the biggest obstacles for us. We need to constantly remind ourselves of Eternity, set out priorities straight, and seek and follow Jesus. This doesn’t mean we abandon them, we’re called to pray for our loved ones who are not in Christ. But we’ve also to remember to not lose our way because of them! Our way must be Jesus!

Let us pray that we may have the grace to make bold strides when it comes to following Jesus and that we may give our lives up to Him and seek Him wholeheartedly.

God Bless and have a great day!