---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-11-26T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Revelation 18:1-2, 21-23; 19:1-3, 9; Psalms 100:2, 3, 4, 5; Luke 21:20-28]

_“There will be signs in the sun, the moon, and the stars, and on the earth distress among nations confused by the roaring of the sea and the waves. People will faint from fear and foreboding of what is coming upon the world, for the powers of the heavens will be shaken. Then they will see ‘the Son of Man coming in a cloud’ with power and great glory. Now when these things begin to take place, stand up and raise your heads, because your redemption is drawing near.” - Luke 21:25-28 (NRSV)_

Jesus continues to give us signs of the times to come in today’s Gospel.

As I was reading this today, I was wondering why Jesus would give us these signs. Why are we being told of what will come? God loves us all, He loves each and every one of us. But, being a just God, He has a moral code. There is a definition of good and bad, that stems from God’s moral code. Sin is what separates us from God. We’re all given free-will, and hence can freely choose between Good and Bad. We can choose to follow Christ, or not. That is Love! God created us, which also means He could make us do as He pleases, right. Yet, He gives us free will, which is such a beautiful expression of His love.

So, since God is just, we are judged by how we choose to lead our lives. Since God loves us so much, He foresaw our iniquities, our sinful nature, and sent His only to die for us on the cross. And we receive our salvation when we accept it. When we repent of our sins and accept Jesus’ sacrifice. Jesus tells us about the times to come, so that we may hear and repent. So that we may be saved. I continue to marvel at His heart, that desires that every one of us is saved!

Let us always look to the cross as we lead our lives, keeping ourselves worthy of the Kingdom.

God Bless and have a great day!