---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-11-03T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Philippians 2:5-11; Psalms 22:26-32; Luke 14:15-24]

_Then the master said to the slave, ‘Go out into the roads and lanes, and compel people to come in, so that my house may be filled. For I tell you, none of those who were invited will taste my dinner.’” - Luke 14:23-24 (NRSVCE)_

In today’s Gospel, we read The Parable of the Great Dinner. The gist of the story is that a man once hosted a great dinner and invited many. When the time had come, he sent his slaves to go and call his guests, but they all gave excuses. Finally, out of anger, he sent his slaves to go into the streets and bring in the poor, the crippled and the lame. Since there was more room, he sent them again to compel people from the roads and the lanes and to bring them in.

This passage represents the world and how we are too busy with the pursuits of this world, that we shun away the Kingdom. The three people mentioned in this verse who said they cannot make it are

– ‘I have bought a piece of land, and I must go out and see it; please accept my regrets.’

– ‘I have bought five yoke of oxen, and I am going to try them out; please accept my regrets.’

– ‘I have just been married, and therefore I cannot come.’

St. Augustine writes that these three excuses refer to the desires of the flesh. Looking at this verse -

_for all that is in the world—the desire of the flesh, the desire of the eyes, the pride in riches—comes not from the Father but from the world. - 1 John2:16 (NRSVCE)_

The first man was consumed by the pride of riches, the second the desire of the eyes and the third the desire of the flesh.

In each of these situations, these people could have come for the dinner, but they chose their desires over that of the call from this man. Going for that dinner would have just been that one evening, and each of them could have tended to their excuses later.

We sometimes find ourselves in these three kinds of people, don’t we? When we’re called by Christ, perhaps to tend for the sick, or to go to church, or to pray, or to listen to His Word, we find an excuse, because we let ourselves be consumed by the desires of our flesh. None of these excuses in themselves seems bad, yet, the important thing to note here is that they chose to shun their invite to the dinner because they let these consume them. It’s the same with us. We need to heed God’s call and go when called. We should not be consumed by the desires of the flesh, and shun away His invitation. There is a time for everything!

Let’s pray to God, that we may have the wisdom and the heart to heed to his call, and that we may not be consumed by the desires of the flesh. God Bless and have a great day!