---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-12-07T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Isaiah 35:1-10; Psalms 85:9-10, 11-12, 13-14; Luke 5:17-26]

_When he saw their faith, he said, “Friend, your sins are forgiven you.” Then the scribes and the Pharisees began to question, “Who is this who is speaking blasphemies? Who can forgive sins but God alone?” When Jesus perceived their questionings, he answered them, “Why do you raise such questions in your hearts? Which is easier, to say, ‘Your sins are forgiven you,’ or to say, ‘Stand up and walk’? But so that you may know that the Son of Man has authority on earth to forgive sins” Luke 5:20-24a (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, we read about the paralysed man who was brought forth through the roof of where Jesus was teaching, so that He may heal the man.

The first part of the Gospel that astounds me, was the deep faith of the people. They saw the crowds and finding no way to take the man to Jesus, climb up the roof and haul the man down to where Jesus was. Jesus was deeply moved by their faith, and immediately say to them - “Friend, your sins are forgiven you.” Jesus sees our faith, and it’s the grace that we receive from Jesus, that stems from our faith in Him that heals us. Faith is what heals us.

The second part of the Gospel focusses on the scribes and the Pharisees who begin to question Jesus’ authority. They find it blasphemous that Jesus forgave sins. They found it difficult to accept Jesus, and more so, this! Jesus, sensing what was going on in their hearts, answered them that He said that so that they may know that the Son of Man has authority in earth to forgive sins. Jesus was establishing to them in plain language, that He is the Son of the Living God, that He is God! The Pharisees knew the scriptures better than anyone else, but yet, were blind to this, and found it difficult to accept Jesus.

Let us keep our hearts and minds open to God’s voice. Let our minds and ways, not be a stumbling block for us to accept Jesus.

God Bless and have a great day!