---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-08-11T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Ezekiel 2:8 - 3:4; Psalms 119:14, 24, 72, 103, 111, 131; Matthew 18:1-5, 10, 12-14]

_Truly I tell you, unless you change and become like children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven. Whoever becomes humble like this child is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven. Whoever welcomes one such child in my name welcomes me. - Matthew 18:3-5 (NRSVCE)_

In today’s Gospel, we see the disciples asking Jesus - Who is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven? To which Jesus replies with the words above. Jesus asks us to be like children, pure in heart, humble, and innocent.

The answer to a question such as this might have evoked a cmore complicated response  such as, someone who helps the poor, leads a holy life, who is selfless, etc. But Jesus makes the answer so simple. He tells us that we ought to be like a child. A child is so teachable, a child is fresh and pure. A child is not yet stained by any of the vices of this world. A child is content and happy with what he/she has. A child loves with such earnestness. A child’s face exudes innocence. A child brings joy to others, through their laughter. As we grow up, we see the world, we imbibe what’s of this world, we become more self-centred, we seek more, the pleasures of this world. For us to go to Heaven, Jesus asks us to become like children. Just as we read in yesterday's Gospel about dying to oneself, we must be born-again as children, pure in heart, selfless, humble and filled with love. When we as children, rely on God our Father, He will direct us. Just as a child who completely trusts their Father or Mother, we too must completely trust in God.

_If a shepherd has a hundred sheep, and one of them has gone astray, does he not leave the ninety-nine on the mountains and go in search of the one that went astray? And if he finds it, truly I tell you, he rejoices over it more than over the ninety-nine that never went astray. - Matthew 18:12b-13 (NRSVCE)_

The next part that struck me was these verses above. Jesus talks to us about how precious we are to Him. If we go astray, he will come searching for us, so that we can be found. He will leave the 99, and come after us. For we are that precious. The song that comes to my mind is Reckless Love by Cory Ashbury. Yes, the love of our God is Reckless.

Let us pray that we can accept the love of our God, and be more like children.

God Bless and have a great day!