---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-11-05T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Wisdom of Solomon 3:1-9; Psalms 23:1-6; John 6:37-40]

_“But the souls of the righteous are in the hand of God, and no torment will ever touch them. In the eyes of the foolish they seemed to have died, and their departure was thought to be a disaster, and their going from us to be their destruction; but they are at peace.” - Wisdom 3:1-3 (NRSV-CI)_

In today’s reading, we hear once again about death and eternity. The past week’s readings have all focussed on the topic of death.

Death is probably the biggest fear for most people. Death is what we safeguard ourselves against the most. We all have a will to live. Solomon writes that for the righteous, death is a happy thing. They are finally at peace in their eternal abode with God. True death as we read in the Gospel just a few days ago is a separation from God. We all separate ourselves from God when we sin. Yet, we have the grace of repentance that we can reach out and tap into. Confession is liberating to the soul, as we renew our commitment to Christ. We go back to being in communion with Him. When we lead a righteous life we are assured of our place in Heaven. We might fall from time to time, but God sees our hearts and in His mercy forgives us.

Once we’ve encountered Christ in our lives, our meaning and purpose of life can never be the same. It might take us some time to dig deeper and understand what leading a righteous life entails, but we can never go back to being our old Godless selves.

Let’s work on strengthening our relationship with Christ, and let Him lead us to live a righteous life. God Bless and have a great day!

{{< raw >}}
<iframe width="100%" height="166" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" allow="autoplay" src="https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=https%3A//api.soundcloud.com/tracks/923671186&color=%23ff5500&auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&show_teaser=true"></iframe><div style="font-size: 10px; color: #cccccc;line-break: anywhere;word-break: normal;overflow: hidden;white-space: nowrap;text-overflow: ellipsis; font-family: Interstate,Lucida Grande,Lucida Sans Unicode,Lucida Sans,Garuda,Verdana,Tahoma,sans-serif;font-weight: 100;"><a href="https://soundcloud.com/mariostallone" title="mariostallone" target="_blank" style="color: #cccccc; text-decoration: none;">mariostallone</a> · <a href="https://soundcloud.com/mariostallone/daily-reflection-5-nov-2020" title="Daily Reflection - 5 Nov, 2020" target="_blank" style="color: #cccccc; text-decoration: none;">Daily Reflection - 5 Nov, 2020</a></div>
{{< /raw >}}