---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-08-12T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Ezekiel 9:1-7; 10:18-22; Psalms 113:1-6; Matthew 18:15-20]

_“If another member of the church sins against you, go and point out the fault when the two of you are alone. If the member listens to you, you have regained that one.  But if you are not listened to, take one or two others along with you, so that every word may be confirmed by the evidence of two or three witnesses.  If the member refuses to listen to them, tell it to the church; and if the offender refuses to listen even to the church, let such a one be to you as a Gentile and a tax collector.  Matthew 18:15-17 (NRSVCE)_

In today’s Gospel Jesus teaches us how to deal with a situation when a fellow member of the church sins against us. It’s important to understand the meaning of the word church here. The church is not a building. It is the people, the people who come together to worship Christ. We are the Body, we are the church. So all of us who worship together, in communion with each other, united in our hearts with Christ, are the church. So when one of the members of this body of Christ, the church, sins against us, Jesus is giving us the means to handle the situation. There’s so much wisdom here. Not only is the advice Jesus giving us something we’d apply to a church member, but also in our day to day lives. When we have an issue with someone, Jesus asks us, to first try sorting that out with the person directly, and only then go to others. Getting back to how we deal with a person who sins against us at church, Jesus says after we’ve tried everything, if the person still does not listen, then we let them go. Jesus says that such a person would be to us, as a Gentile, that is they no longer are part of the church.

Jesus talks a lot about the church, and many a time we only look at the church as a building. Our union in Christ is something so special, that bonds us together, in a deep and meaningful way. We’re all different, we come from various cultures, we speak different languages, etc. but the one thing that unites us all is our love for Christ, connecting us to him, as one church. That's why we pray the _I Confess_ during Mass, we confess to our brothers and sisters, because when we sin, we are damaging the relationship we all share in Christ.

There’s so much depth to the word church, and Jesus is inviting us today to understand and know what that means.

_For where two or three are gathered in my name, I am there among them. Matthew 18:20 (NRSVCE)_

God Bless and have a great day!