---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-12-09T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Isaiah 40:25-31; Psalms 103:1-2, 3-4, 8, 10; Matthew 11:28-30]

_“Come to me, all you that are weary and are carrying heavy burdens, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn from me; for I am gentle and humble in heart, and you will find rest for your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.” - Matthew 11:28-30 (NRSV)_

Today’s Gospel is a reminder for us when we feel burdened by all our problems.

Jesus tells us to take his yoke upon us. A yoke is a wooden crosspiece that’s fastened over two animals so that they can share the load while pulling a cart. Jesus asks us to take His yoke because He wants to take on our burdens. Jesus’ yoke is easy and the burden that we have from the yoke is a lot lighter.

This reminds me of the time I painted my house. If I had to do it all by myself, it would have taken me many days and I would have been exhausted by it all. But my friends came over one evening and helped me paint it, and we finished it all in one evening! When we share our load, the burden is reduced.

We have huge burdens and worries that we carry along and many a time we feel that it’s too much for us. And yes, indeed it’s too much for us! Our burden was not meant to be carried alone. Jesus is here to carry us through this. We are meant to walk along with Jesus, taking on His yoke, so our burden may be light!

Let’s remember this promise and learn to take on Jesus’ yoke! We can do all throngs through Christ!

God Bless and have a great day!