---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-12-23T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Malachi 3:1-4, 23-24; Psalms 25:4-5, 8-10, 14; LUKE 1:57-66]
*On the eighth day they came to circumcise the child, and they were going to name him Zechariah after his father. But his mother said, “No; he is to be called John.” 61 They said to her, “None of your relatives has this name.” Then they began motioning to his father to find out what name he wanted to give him. He asked for a writing tablet and wrote, “His name is John.” And all of them were amazed. Immediately his mouth was opened and his tongue freed, and he began to speak, praising God.* - Luke 1:59-64 (NRSV)

In today's Gospel, we read of John the Baptist's birth.

When we read the earlier verses in this chapter, we read about the foretelling of John's birth. Both Zechariah and Elizabeth were quite old, and Elizabeth was barren, and hence they couldn't bear a child. The angel Gabriel appeared to Zechariah when he was in the sanctuary of the Lord, and there he was prophesied over about the birth of John the Baptist. Today's First Reading in Malachi, also is a prophecy about John, and Zechariah being a priest would have surely been knowledgable about the scriptures. So when, Zechariah, responds to Angel Gabriel *“How will I know that this is so? For I am an old man, and my wife is getting on in years.”*. The angel then tells him that he will be mute till all these come to pass.

In today's reading, we read that when they took John to be circumcised, Zechariah writes on a tablet that the baby's name must be John, and that's when he regains his speech.

In an earlier Gospel this week, we read about another person who had a prophecy, a young girl named Mary. Her response to the Angel was so different from Zechariah's. She responded back saying - *“Here am I, the servant of the Lord; let it be with me according to your word.”* Mary too initially asks the angel How will this be since she is a virgin. But she didn't doubt, but in her innocence asked of how this will come to pass. I am astounded at the faith Mary had. She was a young girl, and the readiness with which she accepted God's word in her life was simply amazing.

The contrast between Zechariah and Mary teaches us that, no level of scriptural knowledge is greater than simple faith!

Let us use this time leading up to Christmas to learn to be more like Mary, and welcome Jesus into our hearts. 
God Bless and have a great day!
