---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-11-11T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Titus 3:1-7; Psalms 23:1-6; Luke 17:11-19]

Then Jesus asked, “Were not ten made clean? But the other nine, where are they? Was none of them found to return and give praise to God except this foreigner?” - Luke 17:17-18 (NRSVCE)

In today’s Gospel, we read about the ten lepers who were cleaned. They all came to Jesus and called out to Him to have mercy on them. Jesus tells them to go and show themselves to the priests, and as they were doing as He told them to, they were cleaned. Out of the ten, only one returned to come and give praise to Jesus for having healed him. It is then that Jesus exclaims these words.

This Gospel made me think about the many times that Jesus has been there for us, healed us, cleansed us… but we forget it so soon. How often have we gone to Jesus asking for a miracle, to help us with this and that, and then we completely forget about it?

We are called to have a relationship with Christ, that’s our life’s purpose. A relationship entails knowing God, being with Him, sharing your life with Him. Before I realised what this meant, my prayers mostly consisted of me asking God for things in my life. I’d ask Him to help me with my exams, my day, etc. I was then taught it's important to thank the Lord, and so, I started including thanksgiving in my prayer. I’d first thank God and then move on to my petitions. As I learned about having a relationship, and what that means, only then did I start actually communicating with God. God wants us to talk to Him. Tell Him about your day, about your work, etc. A relationship with God is like a relationship with a Father. We can’t always treat our Parents like a petition box. A true and flourishing relationship with our Parents entails communication, knowing them, speaking to them, telling them about your happy times as well as your sad times. So, it is with our Heavenly Father. We should be in constant communication with Him. God is not a genie we go to, only when we want something. Our lives are meant to be lived with Him!

For the many times, we’ve felt that God hasn’t been listening to us. Here’s a poem I remind myself of time and again. It’s called FootPrints. God Bless and have a great day!

_One night I dreamed a dream.  
As I was walking along the beach with my Lord.  
Across the dark sky flashed scenes from my life.  
For each scene, I noticed two sets of footprints in the sand,  
One belonging to me and one to my Lord._

_After the last scene of my life flashed before me,  
I looked back at the footprints in the sand.  
I noticed that at many times along the path of my life,  
especially at the very lowest and saddest times,  
there was only one set of footprints._

_This really troubled me, so I asked the Lord about it.  
"Lord, you said once I decided to follow you,  
You'd walk with me all the way.  
But I noticed that during the saddest and most troublesome times of my life,  
there was only one set of footprints.  
I don't understand why, when I needed You the most, You would leave me."_

_He whispered, "My precious child, I love you and will never leave you  
Never, ever, during your trials and testings.  
When you saw only one set of footprints,  
It was then that I carried you."_
