---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-11-23T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Revelation 14:1-5; Psalms 24:1-6; Luke 21:1-4]

_He looked up and saw rich people putting their gifts into the treasury; he also saw a poor widow put in two small copper coins. He said, “Truly I tell you, this poor widow has put in more than all of them; for all of them have contributed out of their abundance, but she out of her poverty has put in all she had to live on.” - Luke 21:1-4 (NRSV)_

Today’s Gospel is rather short but has such a profound message.

Jesus was sitting by the temple and watching people put their gifts into the treasury. Out of the many who gave, he noticed a poor widow, put in a few coins. By man's standards, she put in very little, but in God’s eyes, that was more than what anyone else had put in. She gave all she had. There’s so much we can learn from the poor. A priest once told me, he had been to the house of a poor family in India. They lived in a very small place, and he had gone there to visit them. They offered him food, but he knew that if he ate that food, they would all go hungry that day. But he also knew that if he did not eat that food, he’d be hurting them more. So, he chose to eat what was offered to him. He said that he was so filled with love and joy, he went there to minister to them, to bless them, but he, in turn, felt so enriched by their gesture. And the joy in their eyes for having accepted what they had to offer!

I find that the more we have, the more reluctant do we become to give. It’s an interesting thing to ponder about. The lesser we have, the more generous we are. This is not a blanket statement, but something I’ve at least observed in myself.

Even during this pandemic, the people who are worst affected, are the ones who do not have much. The folks, who used to rely on a day’s wage to put food on the table. Some of us live in parts of the world where the government can extend a helping hand to people like these, but there are parts of the world, where people like these are suffering right now. They are unable to make ends meet. As we read in yesterday's Gospel, what can we do to the least of our brothers and sisters?

God Bless and have a great day!