---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-08-17T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Ezekiel 24:15-23; Deuteronomy 32:18-21; Matthew 19:16-22]

_The young man said to him, “I have kept all these; what do I still lack?” Jesus said to him, “If you wish to be perfect, go, sell your possessions, and give the money to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven; then come, follow me.” - Matthew 19:20-21 (NRSVCE)_

Today’s Gospel is very striking. A rich young man comes to Jesus and asks Him what must He do to have eternal life. Jesus, asks Him to keep the commandments. The young man goes on to ask Jesus, He’s kept the commandments, so what does He lack It is then that Jesus tells Him to sell all His possessions and to give his money to the poor. This was very unsettling for the young man, for he had a lot of possessions.

The deeper meaning here that Jesus is telling us is to not hold on to the possessions of this world. This world makes us run after our careers, money, wealth, power, etc. but Jesus is asking us to stray away from that. What Jesus is asking of us, when we read this passage on the periphery might seem too difficult for us. Selling away all our possessions and giving away all our money? But I believe the question was put to the young man, so that He could realise that He was perhaps holding on to these worldly possessions, He was defining himself, his worth by what He owned. Jesus always has a way of touching us where we need healing.

The ways of the world are such that we are made to believe we are in some sort of a rat race. People run after their careers, power and fame forgetting God, their family and friends. We all have a duty while on this Earth. Our duty starts with the people God has placed in our lives. And we all have a mission, a mission that only we can do, We need to seek God and ask Him what that is! When we run after what the world has to offer, we lose sight of what truly matters, and we get sucked into this rat race. We get sucked into wanting to have more of this Earth, and we leave behind what we truly ought to have been following all along. Jesus is speaking to us through this Gospel passage, to stop, take stock of what we value in our lives, seek Him, and ask Him for guidance on getting out of any trap we seem to have fallen into. He's here for us.

Let us pray to God to give us the grace to always seek Him above all.

God Bless and have a great day!