---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-12-04T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Isaiah 29:17-24; Psalms 27:1, 4, 13-14; Matthew 9:27-31]

_and Jesus said to them, “Do you believe that I am able to do this?” They said to him, “Yes, Lord.” Then he touched their eyes and said, “According to your faith let it be done to you.”  And their eyes were opened. - Matthew 9:28-30a (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, we read about Jesus healing the blind men.

An interesting thing that caught my attention was that Jesus only asks them, If they believe He can do this, and He then says _“According to your faith let it be done to you.”_. He didn’t say the words, may your sight be restored, or anything to those lines. He merely said, _“According to your faith let it be done to you.”_! That’s quite astounding to me.

Jesus knew their hearts, He knew what they had come for. He only needed them to profess their faith, and they were healed according to the measure of their faith. But imagine, if one of them had gone, and had doubted whether they would be healed, and merely was testing Jesus, do you think they’d have been healed? Since Jesus’ words were clear, that their faith was what healed them, a lack of it, I believe would have left them without healing, had they any doubt in their minds.

That’s the beauty of Faith! Faith is an unwavering trust in the Lord, that He can deliver. How often do we approach God with absolute certainty that He is going to take care of our situation? How often do we put our complete trust in Him?

Let us learn to have faith like those of the blind men, so our eyes too may be open!

God Bless and have a great day!