---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-11-24T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Revelation 14:14-19; Psalms 96:10-13; Luke 21:5-11]

They asked him, “Teacher, when will this be, and what will be the sign that this is about to take place?” And he said, “Beware that you are not led astray; for many will come in my name and say, ‘I am he!’ and, ‘The time is near!’ Do not go after them.

_“When you hear of wars and insurrections, do not be terrified; for these things must take place first, but the end will not follow immediately.” Then he said to them, “Nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom; there will be great earthquakes, and in various places famines and plagues; and there will be dreadful portents and great signs from heaven. - Luke 21:7-11 (NRSV)_

Jesus in today’s Gospel talks about His second coming.

We all have heard or know about Jesus’ second coming. In today’s Gospel Jesus foretells the destruction of the Temple, and when the people ask Him when will all of this happen, Jesus gives them the signs of the times to come. We have many people around talking to us about the end times. It’s a hot topic, and everyone wants to know when will these times come. In these days, during the pandemic, and all that’s happening around people tend to look to these signs to predict the end times. While we might be nearing the end times, the important thing to note is that these signs exist as a means to warn those who have not turned to Christ to repent, so that they may be saved.

As for us, believers, it’s important for us to always be prepared. We must live our lives in such a way that if Jesus were to come now, or even if we were to pass away, we’d have a clean heart. In many parts of the Bible, Jesus tells us that we do not know the day or the hour, but He asks us to be ever prepared. So for us, while it’s important to know of the second coming, it’s more important to always lead our lives the way God intended us to, by following His ways. Let us not spend our time trying to predict when, but let us put our focus on being prepared.

God Bless and have a great day!