---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-11-04T10:00:00+01:00
draft: true
---

[Philippians 2:12-18; Psalms 27:1, 4, 13-14; Luke 14:25-33]

_“Whoever comes to me and does not hate father and mother, wife and children, brothers and sisters, yes, and even life itself, cannot be my disciple. Whoever does not carry the cross and follow me cannot be my disciple. - Luke 14:26-27 (NRSVCE)_

Today’s Gospel sounds a rather radical statement by Christ. When we read it at first glance, it comes off as odd, and we might wonder what is Jesus asking of us! But reading this deeper and in context, we can understand that being a disciple is truly dying to oneself. Discipleship involves us keeping God above everything. The word hate here seems strong, but Jesus used this language to imply that we keep everything else in our lives second. Jesus is not literally asking us to hate people. He probably had to use this kind of language to drive the point across to the multitudes there.

Jesus tells us plainly what the cost of discipleship is. He doesn't promise us gold and riches, but He tells us that following His path is not easy. The interesting take away for me in this passage is this. Following Jesus requires us to keep Him first, above everything, above our mother, father, wife and children, brothers and sisters, and even above our selves. That is true discipleship. Most of us are lucky to have near and dear ones who are in the faith, and who keep Jesus above everything else in their lives, but when we are put in a situation where we have to choose between Jesus and our family, Jesus tells us that we must choose Him.

Let’s take a step back, and see what this means for us. This means putting Jesus’ call in our lives over our own, over any other expectation anyone else has of us. It means truly and completely submitting ourselves to His will. We must know, and really know, that Jesus truly loves us. He created us, gave up His life on the cross for our salvation, so when we submit ourselves to Him, we fully trust Him, we trust Him to take charge of our lives, and our salvation! It’s not an easy thing to digest, the Christian call, is by no means an easy call to heed, yet, it is the only way. It is the way that calls us to love and trust Him in such a radical way, that can only happen when we truly believe and let His love and grace flow in us.

Let us learn to submit ourselves more to His will. Let us learn to trust Him more, and let us keep Him above everything else in our life! God Bless and have a great day!