---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-11-02T10:00:00+01:00
draft: true
---

[Wisdom 3:1-9; Psalms 27:1, 4, 7-9, 13-14; Romans 5:5-11; John 11:17-27]

_Jesus said to her, “I am the resurrection and the life. Those who believe in me, even though they die, will live, and everyone who lives and believes in me will never die. Do you believe this?” - John 11:25-27 (NRSVCE)_

Today the church celebrates All Souls Day, and we are called to pray for our near and dear ones who passed away from this Earth.

We read in Today’s First Reading about the Promosie of Eternity, and then in the second Reading Paul goes on to talk to us about Hope in Jesus Christ that we have because of His Love for us. We then read in today’s Gospel about Lazarus. Mary, Martha and Lazarus were good friends of Jesus and He loved them dearly. When Lazarus was sick, they had sent word to Jesus, so He could come and heal Him, but Jesus says - _“This illness does not lead to death; rather it is for God’s glory, so that the Son of God may be glorified through it.” - John 11:4b_. Lazarus dies a few days later and then Jesus heads over to Mary and Martha's house. Martha comes running to Jesus telling Him that, Lazarus would have lived, had Jesus come a few days earlier. It is then, that Jesus tells her these words - _I am the resurrection and the life. Those who believe in me, even though they die, will live…_

Lazarus was dead for 4 days. Yet, we see that Jesus raised Him from the dead. An important thing to note here is in the previous verse, where Jesus says that His illness does not lead to death. This seems confusing, as to why would Jesus say that Lazarus would not die, but yet He did. I believe that Jesus here was not referring to the Human understanding of death. Death is the absolute separation from Christ. He knew that Lazarus had not died in that sense, he was a good man. That’s why these words of Jesus - I am the resurrection and the life. are so powerful. What is true life? - True life is when we have Jesus in us!

So, even while we mourn for our near and dear ones who have passed away, let us be filled with hope that they are with Christ. We will all depart this Earth one day, and let us pray that we lead lives that are true to Jesus’s teaching, by keeping ourselves worthy to have Jesus in our hearts, and that we may spend our eternity with Christ!

Also take some time to pray for your near and dear ones, that their souls may rest in peace and that they may have eternal life.

Here’s a small prayer you could pray for your loved ones  

_I am the Ressurection and Life, whoever lives and believes in Me, shall never die_

_Eternal Father, grant to thy servant <Departed Loved One’s Name> peace and Joy of everlasting Life._

_Our Father and 3 Hail Marys_

God Bless and have a great day!