---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-07-21T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Micah 7:14-15, 18-20; Psalms 85:2-4, 5-6, 7-8; Matthew12:46-50]

_Who is a God like you, pardoning iniquity and passing over the transgression of the remnant of your possession? He does not retain his anger forever, because he delights in showing clemency. - Micah 7:18 (NRSVCE)_

Today’s First Reading gives us another reminder of God’s mercy. Despite all the atrcoties and sins of the people of Israel, God will show mercy, and cast all our sins to the sea, says Micah. I’m reminded of a specific word - Renewed in Christ.

I don’t know if you've heard many testimonies of people who have been touched by Jesus Christ, but let me introduce to you a few people, I know from my own life. I have friends who have been drug addicts and drunks in a past life, who were touched by the love of Jesus and are transformed completely. The difference between their past and the present is night and day. They were sinking low in their lives, being drowned in sin. They rejected Christ, and also found ways to convince people who were in Christ against Him. You see, knowledge and intelligence can be used for both good and wrong. Words can be made to appear in the way the speaker wants to rpesent it to you. Such was this friend of mine, who was touched so profoundly by the love of Christ. God’s mercy was so profound in their life. They fully accepted His forgiveness, and is transformed.

This is what God wants for you and for me. We might be struggling with sin, with addictions, but He’s here to reach out His hand and forgive you. He wants to transform your life. Once you are tranformed, you are a new person in Christ. The world may see you for your past, and find it difficult to digest the change in you, but you know yourself. You know how much He has changed you. Our God is merciful, and no sin is too great for the Lord to forgive. His love is so profound. I blow my mind whenver I think about it. I am 1 in so many billions of people, 7.3 Bn on this earth now, and how many more billions of people before our time! Yet, the God of the Universe, the one who made all of this, the sun, the skies, the earth, the moon, the many galaxies, we are not even small specks of dust when comapred to the beautfy of cration, yet He loves me, He loves you, for who we are! Isn;t that amazing!

Take the time to go to Him, throufh confession and prayer, ask Him to touch you profoundly and to change you from within. Let us all be new beings in Christ.  

God Bless and have a great day!