---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-07-22T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[2 Corinthians 5:14-17; Psalms 63:2-6, 8-9; John 20:1-2, 11-18]

_Jesus said to her, “Woman, why are you weeping? Whom are you looking for?” Supposing him to be the gardener, she said to him, “Sir, if you have carried him away, tell me where you have laid him, and I will take him away.” Jesus said to her, “Mary!” She turned and said to him in Hebrew, “Rabbouni!” (which means Teacher). - John 20:15-16 (NRSVCE)_

Today the Church celebrates the feast of St. Mary Magdalene. The passage from today's Gospel is taken from the ressurection of our Lord. We see that Jesus had risen, and Mary had been there to the tomb to see it empty. She was said and was sobbing. She didn’t recognise Jesus in the tomb, but when He called her by name, she recognises Him and exclaims _Rabbouni._

Mary Magdalene’s story is very profound one. She is a symbol of repentance and compelte tranformation in Christ. We read in the First Reading today

_So if anyone is in Christ, there is a new creation: everything old has passed away; see, everything has become new! - 2 Corinthians 5:17 (NRSVCE)_

Once we are in Christ, we are a new creation. That's exactly what happened to Mary Magdalene. She was transformed so radically. She gave her life for Christ and jlurneyed with Him, right to the point of His death on the cross and to His glorious ressurection. There are many traditions on what exactly was Mary’s past, but one thing is sure. She was living a life, a wordly life prior to ger encounter with Christ, and once she encountered Him, she becomes a transgormed and changed eprson. S She dies to herself, and is born again. This is what we are all called to. No matter, what our past may be, once we accept Christ, we are renewed, we become new creations, and we are born again.

God Bless and have a great day!