---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-07-20T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Micah 6:1-4, 6-8; Psalms 50:5-6, 8-9, 16-17, 21, 23; Matthew 12:38-42]

_He has told you, O mortal, what is good; and what does the Lord require of you but to do justice, and to love kindness, and to walk humbly with your God? - Micah 6:8 (NRSVCE)_

Today’s First Reading touches again on the theme of what God truly wants of us. We see this being echoed in the readings of the past few days. God time and again tells us, that He doesn’t need our sacrifices, what He desires is for us to do justice, to love, be kind and walk humbly with God. The most striking of these for me is the part where God wants us to walk with Him.

The word religion is often given more importance to the word faith. Religion implies, to a large extent, a set of rituals and sacrifices. In the days before Christ, it signified Sacrifices to God, the Passover, meal, etc. And in our current day, it would, be going for mass, tithing, etc. While these are all necessary, the most important aspect is sometimes lost amidst all the legalism that we let surround religion. We forget that our truest most profound call is to walk with God. To love and to serve Him. We see this in multiple scriptures - Matthew 23:23, 1 Corinthians 13:1, Matthew 22:36-40, all these points to what our relationship with God ought to be.

The word Sunday Christian is what described me many years ago. It meant. that I’d pray a bit every day. Go to Mass on Sundays, etc. I’d do everything that was prescribed to me, that would entail following my religion. But, I had not learned to develop a relationship with God. Amidst, everything that was happening around, I convinced myself that I was religious, but little did I even know God. The funny thing about all of this is that God has always been there right beside me, and I didn’t turn to acknowledge His presence and walk with Him.

God doesn’t want us to assume He's in a building for us to visit on Sundays, alone. He wants to be with you, day in and day out. He wants to commune with you. He wants to have a deeper closer relationship with you and me.

God Bless and have a great day!