---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-10-28T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Ephesians 2:19-22; Psalms 19:2-5; Luke 6:12-16]

*So then you are no longer strangers and aliens, but you are citizens with the saints and also members of the household of God, built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, with Christ Jesus himself as the cornerstone. In him the whole structure is joined together and grows into a holy temple in the Lord; in whom you also are built together spiritually into a dwelling place for God. - Ephesians 2:19-22 (NRSVCE)*

In today’s First Reading we hear Paul tell us once again about our place in the Kingdom. We as believers, who have been sanctified through the price that Jesus paid for us on the cross, who accept His saving grace, are called to be citizens of the household of God, in communion with the saints! What a privilege is that.

Being a Christian is by no means an easy feat. Our life on Earth is a preparation for our time in Heaven. Every Saint reminds us of Heaven. They set their eyes on Heaven and did not desire this world. When you get a taste of Heaven, through the Church, through an encounter with Christ, your eyes are open, and you realise the futility of chasing the wealth of this Earth. We are all fallen by nature, and only through His grace can we keep our eyes focussed on Heaven.

Saints, help us to find a pathway to finding our way to Heaven. They were all sinners once, but they transformed their lives, by letting Jesus into their hearts, and were led by the Spirit to Holiness. We, in the Catholic Church, can ask our saints to intercede for us. We celebrate All Saints Day, this coming Sunday, as we approach it, I’d encourage you to find a saint who most resonates with you, your struggles, and read and learn about their lives. They were also ordinary people. You and I can be a Saint!

God Bless and have a great day!