---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-11-16T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Revelation 1:1-4; 2:1-5; Psalms 1:1-4, 6; Luke 18:35-43]

“What do you want me to do for you?” He said, “Lord, let me see again.” Jesus said to him, “Receive your sight; your faith has saved you.” Immediately he regained his sight and followed him, glorifying God; and all the people, when they saw it, praised God. - Luke 18:41-43 (NRSVCE)

Today's Gospel is quite interesting. We see a blind man regain his sight.

A few things that struck me about this passage was

 - The Blind man knew who Jesus was - The Messiah. He called out to Jesus - “Jesus, Son of David, have mercy on me!”
 - He asked that he could see again. Which meant he was not blind all his life.
 - The way Jesus heals him. Jesus asks him, “What do you want me to do for you?”. Surely, Jesus can see that he was blind, yet he asked him, and I find Jesus’ response equally fascinating - “Receive your sight; your faith has saved you.”

This makes me wonder, we can all see the blind man in ourselves. There are times in our lives that we may slip and perhaps slip into blindness from Christ. We might have the ways of the world pull us away from Him. I certainly have had this happen in my life. I had a profound experience of God but was distracted by worldly pursuits and Jesus had become a Sunday occurrence for me, and not my major pursuit in life. I was blind in away. I knew Jesus, but I had taken a detour and found my eyes, my spiritual eyes lacking the vision to the purpose He has for me. God was always there pursuing me, and He made me realise that. But I still had the choice and when I reached out to Him asking Him to be Lord and Saviour of my life, He welcomed me with opened arms.

When we find ourselves being distant from God, all that’s needed is for us to reach out, and ask Him to take us back. He’s waiting, gently knocking on our heart’s door. No matter how far we may seem to feel we are from Him. He’s just a short cry away! God Bless and have a great day!

I’m reminded of the lyrics of this song - **_The Savior is waiting_**

*The Savior is waiting to enter your heart  
Why don't you let Him come in  
There's nothing in this world to keep you apart  
What is your answer to Him*

*Time after time He has waited before  
And now He is waiting again  
To see if you're willing to open the door  
Oh how He wants to come in*

*If you'll take one step toward the Savior, my friend  
You'll find His arms open wide  
Receive Him, and all of your darkness will end  
Within your heart He'll abide*

*Time after time He has waited before  
And now He is waiting again  
To see if you're willing to open the door  
Oh how He wants to come in  
Oh how He wants to come in*