---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-11-18T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Revelation 4:1-11; Psalms 150:1-2, 3-4, 5-6; Luke 19:11-28]

_‘I tell you, to all those who have, more will be given; but from those who have nothing, even what they have will be taken away. But as for these enemies of mine who did not want me to be king over them—bring them here and slaughter them in my presence.’” - Luke 19:26-27 (NRSVCE)_

In today’s Gospel, we read about the Parable of the Ten Pounds.

This parable can be likened to us to whom the Gospel is given, and to Jesus' second coming. Having been given the Gospel, what we do with it, and the consequences of our actions are what Jesus is conveying through this parable. Those of us who take the Gospel, and spread the word, by bringing more people to the Light, will be seen as favoured in God’s eyes, as we took what we had, and made more of it. For those who keep the Gospel buried within, what was given will be taken away. For no one, can truly receive the Gospel and keep it for them alone. It would mean that they never fully received the Gospel, to begin with.

Finally, we read of those who disapprove of Jesus, on the last day, they will be cast out to Hell.

We all have been given the Gospel, the Gospel of Love, and the true receipt of the Gospel entails us going forward and spreading the word, bringing more people to the Light. How can any of us say we love our brothers and sisters, our neighbours if we make no effort to bring them to the light. True love, wants the best for the other. And the treasure that we have found in the kingdom, cannot be for ourselves alone, it has to be spread out, so more can experience it. When we keep it to ourselves alone, it amounts to selfishness, and that is not love.

Let us learn to love and spread the Gospel to the people around.

God Bless and have a great day!