---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-08-05T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Jeremiah 31:1-7; Jeremiah 31:10-13; Matthew 15:21-28]

_He answered, “I was sent only to the lost sheep of the house of Israel.” But she came and knelt before him, saying, “Lord, help me.” He answered, “It is not fair to take the children’s food and throw it to the dogs.” She said, “Yes, Lord, yet even the dogs eat the crumbs that fall from their masters’ table.” Then Jesus answered her, “Woman, great is your faith! Let it be done for you as you wish.” And her daughter was healed instantly. - Matthew 15:24-28 (NRSVCE)_

Today’s Gospel may seem striking in the way we see Jesus' response. But everything in scripture has a reason, and there’s a deeper meaning to what Jesus is teaching us through this act. Let us try to unpack the Gospel.

Canaanites are considered Gentiles, non-Jews, and hence non-believers. The prophecy of the Messiah coming to save God’s people was meant for the Israelites, and we see Jesus mention that. Jews and Gentiles didn’t get along very well, as they had opposing world views and beliefs. So this largely draws a huge divide in terms of the kind of people they are. Jesus’s earthly mission was to tend to the lost sheep of Israel. This woman on hearing of Jesus comes to Him and begs of Him to heal her daughter. Jesus ignores her the first few times and then answers her that He was sent to tend to the lost sheep of Israel, but she continues to persist. That’s when Jesus says _It is not fair to take the children’s food and throw it to the dogs_. This may sound shocking and surprising coming from the Jesus we know. But, take a second to understand the scene from the perspective of the time of Jesus. I want to draw your attention to the women’s reply, which is the most striking part in today’s Gospel - _Yes, Lord, yet even the dogs eat the crumbs that fall from their masters’ table_. She did not get offended and run away in anger. She did not rebuke Jesus. She gave such an earnest and wise reply that showed the faith she had out in Jesus. And to that Jesus responded, saying Woman, great is your faith! Let it be done for you as you wish.

This passage makes me think about the many times we feel hurt by how peoploe respond to us, whether at church or in our day to day lives. We easily take offence to things. We all need to put ourselves in the shoes of that woman to see how we might have responded in such a situation! Many a time, we, who are privileged to have access to the Word of God, to Jesus, take Him for granted, and that can be seen in the way we react to certain situations. But this woman, who did not have direct access to Jesus, by her being a Gentile, still came, seeking Jesus, and with faith held on to her conviction that He could heal her daughter. We can all learn so much from this woman. We can also see that through this woman Jesus is telling us that we all can partake of His sacrifice, and His salvation is not for a chosen few alone, it is for everyone who believes!

Let’s pray that we too can be as humble, and have faith as strong as the Cannanine woman. God Bless and have a great day!