---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-08-10T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[2 Corinthians 9:6-10; Psalms 112:1-2, 5-9; John 12:24-26]

_Very truly, I tell you, unless a grain of wheat falls into the earth and dies, it remains just a single grain; but if it dies, it bears much fruit. Those who love their life lose it, and those who hate their life in this world will keep it for eternal life. Whoever serves me must follow me, and where I am, there will my servant be also. Whoever serves me, the Father will honor. - John 12:24-26 (NRSVCE)_

Today’s Gospel is very short, but it carries such a deep message. Jesus says, whoever serves Him must follow Him, and He asks us to be where He is. That is, follow Him completely, asking Him to lead us. He then goes on to say that whoever serves Him, the Father will honour. This ties back to Jesus being the way to the Father, the only way.

The first part of today's Gospel, _unless a grain of wheat falls into the earth and dies, it remains just a single grain; but if it dies, it bears much fruit, refers to our lives_. When we die to ourselves and allow ourselves to be planted in Jesus's kingdom, we will bear fruit and multiply. For us to be able to serve and follow Jesus, we must die to ourselves, it’s only then that our true worth is brought out. A grain of wheat must die when it is planted,  and then when it germinates and grows, it bears so much fruit, die here, refers to it losing the form it is in. Similarly, when a grain of wheat does not change its current form, it remains a grain of wheat and dies a grain of wheat. It’s the same way with us, we all have a purpose in life, and when we let our old selves die, and when we are reborn in Christ, we realise our true purpose, and we bear fruit, and love and serve the Lord.

Let us pray to God to give us the grace to die to ourselves, so that we may bear much fruit, and realise our true purpose and identity in Christ.

God Bless and have a great day!