---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-10-30T10:00:00+01:00
draft: true
---

[Philippians 1:1-11; Psalms 111:1-6; Luke 14:1-6]

_And this is my prayer, that your love may overflow more and more with knowledge and full insight to help you to determine what is best, so that in the day of Christ you may be pure and blameless, having produced the harvest of righteousness that comes through Jesus Christ for the glory and praise of God. - Philippians 1:9-11 (NRSVCE)_

Today's First Reading is the salutation from the Letter of St. Paul to the Philippians. Over here, we see his earnest desire to see the people of Philippi be transformed by Christ, and that they may lead righteous lives, so that in the day of Christ you may be pure and blameless, in his own words.

What is Paul trying to say here? He speaks of Christ’s second coming when he refers to the day of Christ. And his hope for the people of Philippi here is that they may be blameless on that day. This is another reminder of how we ought to lead our lives here on Earth! Paul urges the people of Philippi to lead righteous lives. And this applies to us, all of us who accept Christ, as Lord and Saviour. We must lead lives of righteousness, lives that glorify the name of the Lord, lives which show Christ in us to others.

Christ’s second coming is for real, and it can happen any time. Although Paul writes that we must keep our selves blameless for that day, our true intent of being good must be for goodness' sake! And that’s what happens to us when we let ourselves be consumed by the word and the love of Christ. We transform ourselves, and lead our lives in accordance with Christ's teachings!

Let us learn to be consumed more and more by Christ's love and lead lives, that render us blameless at the time of his return!

God Bless and have a great day!