---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-07-31T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Jeremiah 26:1-9; Psalms 69:5, 8-10, 14; Matthew 13:54-58]

_But Jesus said to them, “Prophets are not without honor except in their own country and in their own house.” And he did not do many deeds of power there, because of their unbelief. - Matthew 13:57b-58 (NRSVCE)_

In Today’s Gospel, we see Jesus going back to His hometown, the place where he was raised, that familiar place where most people knew Him. But when He preached there, the people there were not able to accept Him. They quickly exclaim- “Where did this man get this wisdom and these deeds of power? Is not this the carpenter’s son? Is not his mother called Mary? And are not his brothers James and Joseph and Simon and Judas? And are not all his sisters with us? Where then did this man get all this?” - Matthew 54b-56 (NRSVCE). It is at this juncture that Jesus speaks the words above.

This made me think about why the people of Nazareth reacted that way to Jesus. They would’ve seen Jesus grow up, play around with the other kids, help His dad and His mom, and then suddenly they see Him preach with such authority and wisdom, and they couldn't take it. They had an image of Jesus that did not fit what they are seeing before they eyes. They had created an image for Jesus in their minds, by having seen Him grow up. They also had the false sense of knowing Him, that is, they thought they knew Him, and now when they see Him, their mental image of Jesus does not resonate with who He is. That made it difficult for them to accept Him, and they sadly rejected Him.

Don’t we all have our mental images and prejudices of the people around us? We all draw mental pictures of the people around us, draw our prejudices, and pre-suppose in our minds who they are, without even giving them an opportunity at times to reveal to us who they are. We assume we know them and then find it difficult to accept them. In a similar vein when we meet someone who comes back a changed person, many a time we find it difficult to accept them. They might’ve been in some sort of sin that we know them from the past, but we find it difficult accepting the person they've now become.

Let us pray to God, to give us the grace to be able to accept the people around us without judging or coming to conclusions about them. Let us learn to love and accept them.

God Bless and have a great day!