---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-11-10T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Titus 2:1-8, 11-14; Psalms 37:3-4, 18, 23, 27, 29; Luke 17:7-10]

_So you also, when you have done all that you were ordered to do, say, ‘We are worthless slaves; we have done only what we ought to have done!’” - Luke 17:10 (NRSVCE)_

Today’s Gospel can sound a bit difficult to read at first glance. An important prelude to this is what comes in the previous verses, where the disciples ask Jesus, How to increase their faith? I also believe He was speaking to them alone and not to the crowds, as what He was telling them here could only be understood by someone who has grown deeper in their relationship with Christ.

Jesus here is referring to the way we ought to work in the kingdom of God. He is telling us that we, who have received salvation through Jesus’ sacrifice on the cross, and having embraced His love and have given our lives to Christ, where we proclaim Jesus as King of our hearts and lives, when we do a deed, that God asks of us, must not look for preferential treatment. We are doing what is asked of us, we are doing our duty. Jesus uses a rather stark example with that of a master and a slave, to drive home the point.

When we work in God’s kingdom, say by helping out at church, or by organising prayer meetings, preaching the word, etc. we can tend to feel superior, that we have gained a special status in God's Kingdom. But Jesus tells us that we ought not to feel that way. We are merely doing the work that God has asked us to do. He’s preparing us through this message for a life of humility. Pride can easily take over our being just because we feel we’re doing something in His kingdom. We as humans tend to compare ourselves with others around. But our standards are not of this world. Our standards are the standards set by God, as we have submitted our lives to Him. And submitting ourselves to God demands a change in our thinking, a change in the way we conduct ourselves. Pride is one of the biggest downfalls for anyone working in God’s kingdom, and Jesus is warning us against it, by teaching us how we must look at the work we do.

Let us learn to be humble in our ways, always looking to God, asking Him what we need to do next!

God Bless and have a great day!