---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-08-24T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Revelation 21:9-14; Psalms 145:10-13, 17-18; John 1:45-51]

_Nathanael asked him, “Where did you get to know me?” Jesus answered, “I saw you under the fig tree before Philip called you.” Nathanael replied, “Rabbi, you are the Son of God! You are the King of Israel!” Jesus answered, “Do you believe because I told you that I saw you under the fig tree? You will see greater things than these.” John 1:48-50_

In today’s Gospel, we see Nathaniel being called by Jesus to be one of the apostles. In the exchange above we see that Nathaniel asking Jesus Where did you get to know me? And the know here is a deep knowledge of the person. Jesus knew Nathaniel, and He tells him that He saw him under the Fig Tree. In ancient times, Jews used to sit under a fig tree to learn scripture.

A beautiful thing I find here is that for Nathaniel to hear Jesus tell Him about something that’s a part of Him that only God knew helped him recognize Jesus as God. And what Nathaniel did, perhaps unbeknownst to other people, God knew.

Character is who you are when no one is watching. Only God knows each of us in and out apart from ourselves. Our character is who we are indeed when no one but God is watching. It’s easy to project an image of oneself to others, one can go so far as to even fool one's family, but who each of us is, is known to God. So the only true person who knows us is God. When we are the same person that we are to the world outside and when no one is watching, people get to see us for who we are, our genuineness is on display. We find it difficult knowing or trusting the people around because we fear their true colours. Christian love, the love that comes from God teaches us to love our neighbours as ourselves. And I believe loving each other also entails being one’s true self to one’s neighbours and friends.

Let’s pray to God to give us the grace to be ourselves, always. And let’s pray to God to polish our character, and make us more like Him. God Bless and have a great day!