---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-12-10T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Isaiah 41:13-20; Psalms 145:1, 9, 10-11, 12-13; Matthew 11:11-15]

_Truly I tell you, among those born of women no one has arisen greater than John the Baptist; yet the least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he. - Matthew 11:11 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel Jesus talks about the least in the Kingdom of Heaven being greater than John the Baptist.

Jesus says that there was no one born who was greater than John the Baptist, this would imply that John the Baptist was one of the greatest Prophets, and there was no one greater than him. Jesus then goes on to say, the least in the kingdom of Heaven is greater than John the Baptist. Jesus talks a lot about the Kingdom of Heaven throughout the gospel of Matthew. Anyone who follows Christ would be someone who is in the Kingdom of Heaven, for Jesus says in John 14:6 - _“I am the way, and the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me_. By extension, all of us, who follow Christ, who have been baptised, born again Christians, belong to the Kingdom of Heaven!

Another way to look at this is that, through our baptism, we all receive the Holy Spirit, and anyone with the Holy Spirit, leading a life with the counsel of the Holy Spirit, belongs to the Kingdom of Heaven. Jesus says that the least of us is greater than John the Baptist. Just let that sink in! We underestimate the power of the Holy Spirit in our lives. We do not realise what we have in us. All of us have been given the Holy Spirit. We need to seek out, listen to Him, and activate the gifts and the power of the Holy Spirit in us! The disciples, soon after Pentecost, were new beings with the Holy Spirit in them. We read of how much of prodding Peter needed. After Jesus’ death, He was meek and scared. But the moment the Holy Spirit was on him, he went out and preached the word wot such fervour. Just think about it, a handful of disciples, spread the word of God, such that more than 2.1 billion people, that's 1/3rds of the world population are Christians today! The greatest evangelisation in the history of the world was during the time of the disciples. They preached the word with such fervour, they cast out demons, healed the sick, raised the dead. All with the power of the Holy Spirit. And you and I, have the Holy Spirit in us!

If the disciples could do so much, what more can we do?

God Bless and have a great day!