---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-08-03T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Jeremiah 28:1-17; Psalms 119:29, 43, 79, 80, 95, 102; Matthew 14:22-36]

_but by this time the boat, battered by the waves, was far from the land, for the wind was against them. And early in the morning he came walking toward them on the sea. But when the disciples saw him walking on the sea, they were terrified, saying, “It is a ghost!” And they cried out in fear. - Matthew 14:24-26 (NRSVCE)_

In today’s Gospel, we read about Jesus walking on water. He had just fed the crowds of more than 5000 men with fish and bread that He multiplied from a mere five loaves and two fish. Then Jesus sends His disciples to the other side of the sea and goes to pray in the mountains. He then comes walking to them on the water in the morning, and the disciples were quite terrified when they saw Jesus walking on water.

The disciples might have been quite astounded by all that’s happening around, and they might have also felt a sense of being left alone as Jesus went to pray, by himself. We also see that they were not by the land, but a bit in the middle of the sea, and there were also storms. At this time, when they see Jesus walk on water, they were quite terrified. The journey to the other side of the sea was not a short one, and the disciples hadn’t completed it yet, and there were storms, They might have felt alone, as Jesus was not with them, but at that time, Jesus walked on water to get to them. This to me seems symbolic, Jesus wanted to tell the disciples, that no matter what storm of life they might be in, He can come and reach them, even by walking on water!

This is the message for us, no matter how deeply we might feel we are sinking, allow Jesus to rescue you, to be with you. He can reach you, no matter how rough the situation might seem.

God Bless and have a great day!