---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-10-22T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Ephesians 3:14-21; Psalms 33:1-2, 4-5, 11-12, 18-19; Luke 12:49-53]

_From now on five in one household will be divided, three against two and two against three; they will be divided: father against son and son against father, mother against daughter and daughter against mother, mother-in-law against her daughter-in-law and daughter-in-law against mother-in-law.” - Luke 12:52-53 (NRSVCE)_

Today’s Gospel reading seems very harsh and when read at face value makes you wonder what Jesus is telling us. The deeper meaning in what Jesus is telling us here lies in the details. He uses a very harsh and rather drastic metaphor to drive a point to us. Who do we hold our allegiance to? Our creator or our the people around us.

Many a time we see it written in the Bible that there will come a time when we need to decide between the ways of this world, and where God is leading us. For some people their families might be an obstacle to their faith. Their families might not agree with them believing in Christ. This is where Jesus speaks about brining about division. I pray that none of us are put to such a test, but when such a test does arise, the only way we can get through it, is by praying and asking God for his grace.

In today’s day and age, we see such conflicts of opinion strewn across. We find people who we hold in high esteem stating things which sound contrary to our beliefs. And these can also lead to division. But Jesus draws to Him here, as we need to keep our eyes focussed on Him, and only in Him is truth. Spiritual Discernment is needed for us in our everyday lives, for things we hear in the media, from people around us, etc.  Paul writes in 1 Thessalonians 5:21 - _but test everything; hold fast to what is good;_ So, take whatever you hear, whatever might be causing you strife or division, and go to Christ with it, and ask Him to help you discern what’s right. It’s only your relationship with Him that can set your mind fee, and give you the truth. And those who seek the truth will be united, as their truths are united in Christ, and for those who don’t, there would be division, and that’s what Jesus warns us of!

Let us pray that we aren’t put to such a test, and let’s pray for discernment to be lead by the Holy Spirit in all matters.

God Bless and have a great day!