---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-12-02T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Isaiah 25:6-10; Psalms 23:1-6; Matthew 15:29-37]

_Then Jesus called his disciples to him and said, “I have compassion for the crowd, because they have been with me now for three days and have nothing to eat; and I do not want to send them away hungry, for they might faint on the way.” The disciples said to him, “Where are we to get enough bread in the desert to feed so great a crowd?” Jesus asked them, “How many loaves have you?” They said, “Seven, and a few small fish.” Then ordering the crowd to sit down on the ground, he took the seven loaves and the fish; and after giving thanks he broke them and gave them to the disciples, and the disciples gave them to the crowds. And all of them ate and were filled; and they took up the broken pieces left over, seven baskets full. - Matthew 15:32-37 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, we read about the multiplying of the loaves and the fish.

Jesus had gone up to the mountains, and the people followed Him. He healed them of their infirmities and taught them. They had been with Jesus for 3 days. They had provisions for the first 2 days, and Jesus seeing them hungry, did not want to send them back without food. A beautiful aspect of to note here is of Jesus’ compassion for the crowds. We can see the shock in the disciples’ tones when Jesus tells them that He wants to feed them.

The beautiful aspect that struck me here was that He multiplied the loaves. He could have just miraculously brought any food He thought of. Yet, He chose to ask the disciples how many loaves they had, and then multiplied the loaves and the fish. The disciples brought to Jesus, what little they had, and Jesus multiplied it, so much so that even after feeding the crowds, seven baskets were remaining. I find this aspect speaks to us. When we give to Jesus what we have, whatever little we have, He will multiply it for the kingdom. Some of us may think we have too little talent, may it be singing, or teaching, etc. but when we take the little we have to Jesus, so that He may use us for His will, He will multiply our talents. All He wants is our earnestness, our desire to give what we have!

God Bless and have a great day!