---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-11-17T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Revelation 3:1-6, 14-22; Psalms 15:2-3, 3-4, 5; Luke 19:1-10]

_“Zacchaeus, hurry and come down; for I must stay at your house today.” So he hurried down and was happy to welcome him…_
_…Then Jesus said to him, “Today salvation has come to this house, because he too is a son of Abraham. For the Son of Man came to seek out and to save the lost.” - Luke 19:5b-6,9-10 (NRSVCE)_

In today’s Gospel, we read about the story of Zacchaeus, the tax collector.

Tax collectors in those days were despised by the people, as they were known to be shrewd and heartless. They used to collect taxes on behalf of the Roman empire. They were known to collect more taxes than were demanded of by the Romans, to amass personal wealth. That’s why we see the disdain in people’s voices when they grumble - “He has gone to be the guest of one who is a sinner.”. But Jesus clearly says that He came for the sinners (Luke 5:32).

In today’s First Reading, John in the message He received for Laodicea writes -

_Listen! I am standing at the door, knocking; if you hear my voice and open the door, I will come in to you and eat with you, and you with me. - Revelation 3:20 (NRSVCE)_

This is exactly what happened to Zacchaeus. Jesus saw him up the sycamore tree, calls out to him, and Zacchaeus responds with joy, and lets Jesus into his home. This is symbolic, as by doing so, he was letting Jesus into his heart. That one encounter was enough for Zacchaeus, he became a changed man. He went so far as to give half his possessions to the poor, and also said that he would give back 4 times as much, to anyone who he has defrauded. Just letting Jesus into his house, into his heart, made him a changed man. He realised the value of salvation, he discovered a new purpose for his life, a true and meaningful purpose - To Know and Love God!

One of the biggest lies many have been told is that they are not unworthy to receive Jesus. The truth is that Jesus came for the sinners, to cleanse us. He paid the price for our sins on the cross, and He’s ready to accept us as we are. All we need to do is reach out and say yes! Once He’s in your heart, you become a changed person. All that’s needed is for us to simply accept His invitations, and that’s the beauty of the Christian Faith. It’s a voluntary acceptance of the sacrifice of Christ for our salvation. And Christ in us is what changes us, bringing meaning and purpose to our Life!

God Bless and have a great day!