---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-11-09T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Ezekiel 47:1-2, 8-9, 12; Psalms 46:2-3, 5-6, 8-9; 1 Corinthians 3:9-11, 16-17; John 2:13-22]

_Making a whip of cords, he drove all of them out of the temple, both the sheep and the cattle. He also poured out the coins of the money changers and overturned their tables. He told those who were selling the doves, “Take these things out of here! Stop making my Father’s house a marketplace!” - John 2:15-16 (NRSVCE)_

In today’s Gospel, we see Jesus cleanse the temple. The Gospels recount that this happened on two occasions, this being the first, a little after the wedding at Cana.

To add some context to this, people came to the temple from far and wide, and rather than bringing sacrifices over such a long journey, they brought money, and went to the money changers to exchange the money into the local currency, and then used that to buy the sheep and the cattle to sacrifice in the temple. Many of the articles that were sacrificed, that could be reused might’ve been reused and would have brought in more profit to the temple. The temple had become a marketplace. The major point being, that the people were made to believe that a sacrifice was the gateway to God's grace in their lives.

Applying this in our own lives, we many a time look at certain acts being enough for us to satisfy God. That is, we put a price on God’s grace. It’s legalistic, in a way. Fasting on Fridays, praying the rosary, going to Mass every Sunday, etc. These acts by themselves are good, but if done with an intention of fulfilling a certain quota of what we feel we need to do to gain God's grace is perhaps the crux here. We should instead see grace as something given freely by God to us, and what we do, ought to be out of love for Him. What we do ought to be from a desire to grow closer to Him. We can never do enough to gain His grace because that is not how God’s grace works. Grace is given freely to us, and our response to this grace, is the way we lead our lives, and grow in our love for God, through a deeper relationship in Christ. As it is written in CCC (Catechism of the Catholic Church) 1 - The life of Man is to know and love God!

God Bless and have a great day!