---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-11-19T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Revelation 5:1-10; Psalms 149:1-6, 9; Luke 19:41-44]

_Then I saw in the right hand of the one seated on the throne a scroll written on the inside and on the back, sealed with seven seals; and I saw a mighty angel proclaiming with a loud voice, “Who is worthy to open the scroll and break its seals?” And no one in heaven or on earth or under the earth was able to open the scroll or to look into it. And I began to weep bitterly because no one was found worthy to open the scroll or to look into it. Then one of the elders said to me, “Do not weep. See, the Lion of the tribe of Judah, the Root of David, has conquered, so that he can open the scroll and its seven seals.” - Revelation 5:1-5 (NRSVCE)_

John, in today’s first reading, writes about his revelation of the seal of the scroll in heaven.

As we read above, no one was worthy in heaven and on earth to open the seal of the scroll. If we were to look at the scroll as our salvation, the means by which we can go back to being in communion with God, Jesus is the only way, the only one who is worthy of opening the seal on the scroll for all of us. That's what Jesus did for us on the cross, his salvation and death on the cross.

He is also described as the slaughtered lamb, and slaughtered by whom? Sadly, He was also slaughtered by us. I find it quite important to meditate on the sacrifice of Christ for us. We can sometimes take it for granted. Jesus, who is God, came to the Earth, as man, lived a life of a man, preached the word, suffered on the way to Calvary, and died for our sins, and conquered death by rising again on the third day. The major part to note here, is that God is a just God, and as per His law, a worthy sacrifice ought to be made so that we may restore our connection with God, so that we may go back to being in communion with Him. The only worthy sacrifice is Christ himself coming and giving His life for us. Just ask yourself, the God of all the Universe, the One who created you and me, and everything around, loves us so much, that He made the ultimate sacrifice of dying on the cross for our sins. Let that sink in! And the way to salvation is a simple matter of us accepting this Love!

We serve a God who loves us so deeply, His sacrifice for us on the cross defeated death and sin once and for all. Let us work to accept the wholeness of His salvation in our lives.

God Bless and have a great day!