---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-10-29T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Ephesians 6:10-20; Psalms 144:1-2, 9-10; Luke 13:31-35]

_Finally, be strong in the Lord and in the strength of his power. Put on the whole armor of God, so that you may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. For our struggle is not against enemies of blood and flesh, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the cosmic powers of this present darkness, against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly places. - Ephesians 6:10-12 (NRSVCE)_

Paul, in today’s First Reading, talks about putting on the full armour of God. He reminds us that our battle is not against blood and flesh, but against evil. We do not appreciate how much we need the protection of God because we do not realise what we actually are fighting against. There is a constant battle for our soul, and the evil one tries hard to make us fall. Our soul is so precious, and the closer we go to God, the more the evil one will try to pull us away.

The world we live in is consumed with flesh and earthly vices. We see this all around. Money, greed, sex, power, etc. the world is so consumed by these things, and the more we are consumed with these earthly things, the easier it is, or rather, that’s the surest path to losing our soul. But the moment, we realise the truth of God, and we start seeking Him, the temptation of this world, the vices we were once consumed by, grow stronger. When we were of this world, there was not much effort necessary to keep us there, but the moment we turn to Christ, the evil one would need to use more effort to get us away. The path to being a Christian is not easy. The path to becoming a Saint is not easy. But, when we put on the armour of God, where we seek His protection, His grace, as we go on this journey, we can get there. That’s why Paul writes

_Therefore take up the whole armor of God, so that you may be able to withstand on that evil day, and having done everything, to stand firm. Stand therefore, and fasten the belt of truth around your waist, and put on the breastplate of righteousness. As shoes for your feet put on whatever will make you ready to proclaim the gospel of peace. With all of these, take the shield of faith, with which you will be able to quench all the flaming arrows of the evil one. Take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God. - Ephesians 6:13-17 (NRSVCE)_

Let us learn to put on the armour of God, by standing firm in faith and our salvation, by being righteous, by proclaiming the gospel and walking in the Spirit, by heeding to the voice of God through the Holy Spirit.

God Bless and have a great day!