---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-08-13T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Ezekiel 12:1-2; Psalms 78:56-59, 61-62; Matthew 18:21-19:1]

_Then Peter came and said to him, “Lord, if another member of the church sins against me, how often should I forgive? As many as seven times?” Jesus said to him, “Not seven times, but, I tell you, seventy-seven times. - Matthew 18:21-22 (NRSVCE)_

Today’s Gospel speaks about forgiveness. Jesus uses the parable of the unforgiving servant to teach us about the justice of God.

In yesterday’s Gospel, we read about what to do in a situation when a member of our church sins against us. Jesus tells us about how to go about handling the situation. The followup to that is what we see in today’s Gospel. Once we’ve confronted the person who sinned against us, when they listen to us on the matter, we must be ready to forgive them. Then when Peter asks Jesus, How often must I forgive? Jesus answers not, seven, but seventy-seven times. Jesus uses the number seventy-seven as a play on what Peter asked, to convey to him, that he must not keep count of how many times he must forgive his fellow church member.

Jesus goes on to teach us through the parable, and the words that come to mind are from the Lord’s Prayer, _forgive us our sins, as we forgive those who sin against us_. We pray this so often, and we can see the meaning of this part of the Lord's prayer explained in today’s Gospel. It’s an easy question to ask as to why should we forgive our brothers and sisters who sin against us. But, when we see that our God in heaven, forgives us, for the innumerable times we've sinned against Him, despite Jesus dying on the cross for us, how much more must we forgive our brothers and sisters? Our God is a just God, and in all fairness when we pray the Lord’s prayer and we mean it, we must also learn to forgive our brothers and sisters. Forgiveness is one of the most difficult things in life to do, but yet, the most liberating act we could do to unburden ourselves. When we hold unforgiveness and anger, we are damaging ourselves, not the other. Unforgiveness causes heaviness in our hearts and not for the person against whom we are harbouring the unforgiveness. Forgiveness might seem like a selfless act, yet, the person who benefits the most from it, is us, as we are unburdened, and we keep up our promise we give the Lord in the Lord’s prayer.

Let us learn to forgive our brothers and sisters. Let us learn to unburden ourselves from the heaviness of unforgiveness. Jesus calls us to lead joy-filled and liberated lives. God Bless and have a great day!