---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-08-14T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[1 John 3:13-18; Psalms 116:10-13, 16-17; John 15:12-17]

_“This is my commandment, that you love one another as I have loved you. No one has greater love than this, to lay down one’s life for one’s friends. You are my friends if you do what I command you. I do not call you servants any longer, because the servant does not know what the master is doing; but I have called you friends, because I have made known to you everything that I have heard from my Father.  - John 15:12-15 (NRSVCE)_

John’s Gospel needs a special lens and needs the help of the Holy Spirit to understand. There’s so much packed in these few verses!

Jesus gives us a commandment, to love one another as He has loved us. He then speaks about the greatest love, which is to lay down one’s life for one’s friends. He then goes on to say that we are His friends if we do what He has commanded us. He commanded us to Love, so that means we are called Jesus’ friends when we Love one another as He has loved us. We are not called servants anymore, as Jesus reveals to us everything that the He has heard from the Father.

I find this marvellous. The one commandment Jesus asks us to follow is to Love one another as He loves us. And He already showed us the greatest form of Love, which is to lay down His life for us. And He calls us to follow His path. And we’re called friends. Friends of the Most High God, not servants but friends. In the Old Testament, we read of Abraham being God’s friend. But with Jesus' covenant, you and I are called to be friends of Jesus. And all that we need to do is Love as Jesus loves us. The message of the Gospel can be summarised as Love. Love in it’s purest humblest, fullest form. Jesus did not merely preach Love, He showed us how to be love. The martyrs of the church, the disciples, were all examples of Love. We know of saints of recent years - those killed by ISIS for their faith, Fr. Maxmillian Kolbe whose feast we celebrate today. They’re all role models of how we ought to live our lives. This doesn't mean we all go out there and become martyrs. But who knows, we might be! What Jesus is calling us to do today, is to love, as He loved. And the word love has been denigrated by the world. But we as Christians have a very different and deeper meaning to love. We have been taught what love entails. Let us learn to lay down our lives for our friends, by putting ourselves last, by serving, by forgiving, by helping…

Let us pray to God to give us the grace to love as He loves us.

God Bless and have a great day!