---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-09-16T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[1 Corinthians 12:31--13:13; Psalms 33:2-5, 12, 22; Luke 7:31-35]

_Love is patient; love is kind; love is not envious or boastful or arrogant or rude. It does not insist on its own way; it is not irritable or resentful; it does not rejoice in wrongdoing, but rejoices in the truth. It bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. 1 Corinthians 13:4-7 (NRSVCE)_

Today’s First reading is one of my all-time favourite readings in the Bible. It speaks about the essence of Love. Paul in his letter to the Corinthians spells out the true and complete meaning o love. When we look for a definition of love, we look to Jesus’ life, and Paul so clearly articulates that in these verses. This reading is taken at every matrimonial service, for the bride and groom to grasp the entirety of love.

An important aspect of this verse is that it comes right after Paul speaks about the gifts of the HolySpirit, of speaking in tongues, of prophesying and he goes on to say - _Love never ends. But as for prophecies, they will come to an end; as for tongues, they will cease; as for knowledge, it will come to an end._ He speaks of Love being the ultimate thing we all need to strive for. Everything else in this world will cease. But Love will remain. And that’s a very wise thing to say because we all know God is Love. When we strive for Love, when we strive for God in our Hearts, our Lives, every other gift will flow.

Whenever I find it hard to love my family and friends, perhaps because of something they did or did not do, I refer back to this verse, and it teaches me the essence of Love. It spells out what love is, articulates the essence of love so beautifully. I encourage you to read this chapter and keep these words in your heart, and when you find it difficult to love, call upon these words.

God Bless and have a great day!