---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-12-11T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Isaiah 48:17-19; Psalms 1:1-2, 3, 4, 6; Matthew 11:16-19]

_For John came neither eating nor drinking, and they say, ‘He has a demon’; the Son of Man came eating and drinking, and they say, ‘Look, a glutton and a drunkard, a friend of tax collectors and sinners!’ Yet wisdom is vindicated by her deeds.” - Matthew 11:18-19 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, Jesus talks about accepting the Kingdom of God.

This Gospel reminds me of how fickle-minded the world we live in is. Take the handling of the pandemic, none fo the politicians can get it right. Whether they enforce a lockdown or not, there’s going to be a set of people who do not like their decision. Jesus talks about our faith in the same light. When John came like a hermit, they said he was possessed. When Jesus came eating and drinking, they called Him a glutton, a drunkard, a friend of tax collectors and sinners. Accepting Jesus requires us to get over our misconceptions and blocks.

We like to find reasons why we like one aspect of our faith, and why we dislike another. Even within our church, there is so much of division of so many topics. Right from the German Synods, to the way we receive the Eucharist. A lot of this confusion stems from us not really hearing the voice of God. When we listen to Him, over our thoughts, our ideas and interpretations of what we ought to do, clarity will come. If our sole purpose in life is to know, love and serve our God, then His will, is what we ought to seek.

Faith begins with accepting Christ. Our journey of Life teaches us to grow a relationship with Him, and know Him more. Through that relationship, we can strengthen our ability to listen to His voice. When we hear His voice and heed to His voice, our lives see a lot more meaning, clarity and decisiveness.

Let us learn to hear the voice of God, and heed to it!

God Bless and have a great day!