---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-11-12T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---
[Philemon 7-20; Psalms 146:7-10; Luke 17:20-25]

_Being asked by the Pharisees when the kingdom of God was coming, he answered them, "The kingdom of God is not coming with signs to be observed; nor will they say, `Lo, here it is!' or `There!' for behold, the kingdom of God is in the midst of you." - Luke 17:20-21 (NRSVCE)_

In today’s Gospel, we hear Jesus speak more about the Kingdom as well as His death and resurrection.

The Pharisees wanted to know when the Kingdom of God is coming and Jesus gives a beautiful answer in telling them that the kingdom of God is amongst us. When Jesus is referring to the Kingdom of God being amongst us, He is, in fact, speaking of each of us living our lives in Love. When we live our lives keeping God’s commandments, that is, Love your Lord your God with all your heart, and Love your neighbour as yourself. The two most important commandments that Jesus pointed out ,when we lead our lives keeping these commandments, we’re bringing the Kingdom of God to the people around us. The Kingdom of God is within us, it's within you and me. In another occasion, in the Gospels, we hear Jesus say

_He put before them another parable: “The kingdom of heaven is like a mustard seed that someone took and sowed in his field; it is the smallest of all the seeds, but when it has grown it is the greatest of shrubs and becomes a tree, so that the birds of the air come and make nests in its branches.” He told them another parable: “The kingdom of heaven is like yeast that a woman took and mixed in with three measures of flour until all of it was leavened.” - Matthew 13:31-33 (NRSVCE)_

In these examples above we see that Jesus likened the Kingdom of God to its qualities and what it does to us. When we let the Kingdom of God grow in us, we let it grow into something magnificent like the mustard trree, and in a similar way, when we let the Kingdom of God in us, we can let it change who we are. We become one with Christ. The Kingdom of God is in you and in me. We become one with Christ by accepting His salvation, following Him and leading our lives as His stewards!

Let us let the Kingdom of God flourish in us, and let that love that emanates from us, touch the others around us.

God Bless and have a great day!
