---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-11-13T10:00:00+01:00
draft: true
---
[2 John 4-9; Psalms 119:1-2, 10-11, 17-18; Luke 17:26-37]

_Just as it was in the days of Noah, so too it will be in the days of the Son of Man. They were eating and drinking, and marrying and being given in marriage, until the day Noah entered the ark, and the flood came and destroyed all of them. Likewise, just as it was in the days of Lot: they were eating and drinking, buying and selling, planting and building, but on the day that Lot left Sodom, it rained fire and sulfur from heaven and destroyed all of them —it will be like that on the day that the Son of Man is revealed. - Luke 17:26-30 (NRSVCE)_

Today’s Gospel is rather heavy. It speaks of Jesus' second coming.

An interesting aspect I found though was about these verses above. In Noah’s time, the people of this Earth were leading their lives as they did every day, and the moment Noah entered the ark, the flood came and destroyed them all. Similarly, in Lot’s time, the moment Lot left Sodom, it rained fire and sulfur, destroying all of them. In both these situations, we read of the righteous people, people who abide God’s law, and what an impact they had on the people around. The moment they left the place, the rest of the folks were destroyed. In both Noah and Lot's time, people were leading lives that were against God’s law. They had gone too far away from God, and that’s what led to their destruction.

We can think of Lot and Noah as the reason why God had mercy on the people, till the time of destruction. As we read in the Gospel of Matthew 5:13-16. _You are the salt of the earth;… You are the light of the world… In the same way, let your light shine before others, so that they may see your good works and give glory to your Father in heaven_. You and I are called to be the Light and the Salt of this Earth, this time. We must pray for the people around us who do not believe in God, who do not know of His love. We must strive to spread the word to them, and bring the light and love of God in their lives, so that they too may become the Salt and Light of this earth.

Let us strive to spread God's love to the people around us.

God Bless and have a great day!
