---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-07-28T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Jeremiah 14:17-22; Psalms 79:8-9, 11, 13; Matthew 13:36-43]

_“The one who sows the good seed is the Son of Man; the field is the world, and the good seed are the children of the kingdom; the weeds are the children of the evil one, and the enemy who sowed them is the devil; the harvest is the end of the age, and the reapers are angels. - Matthew 13:37b-39 (NRSVCE)_

In today’s Gospel Jesus explains to us the Parable of the Sower. The disciple approaches Jesus and asks him to explain the Parable to them, and that’s when Jesus starts with the words above. He clearly says that the sower who sows good seed, is the Son of Man, and the good seeds are the children of the kingdom. He then says that the weeds are the children of the evil one, and they were sowed by the enemy, the devil.

A beautiful aspect that struck me here, is that Jesus refers to all of us as children of the Kingdom. Then you might ask, how then, are there weeds? But, the weeds here are planted by the evil one. The weeds are the temptations of the worlds, the evil promptings that cause us to sin. There’s a fight between good and evil, and the fight exists for our soul. The devil has planted his demons on this earth to sway us the other way, they are the weeds, they are the ones who prompt us, tempt us, and try to cause us to sin. Since we’re all children of God and have been planted by the Son of Man, Jesus, we must hold on to Him, and let Him prune away the weeds in our life. Jesus is here to make our soil like that of the good soil. Our circumstances might not have been the best, but He’s here to bring healing and to prune away all the weeds from our life.

Jesus calls us to be His children because we are! He calls us to be with Him, and not be devoured by the evil around. He wants to heal us from any wounds we may have from the past. He wants us to be true and complete children, so that we may enter into His kingdom for all of eternity.

God Bless and have a great day!