---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-08-31T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[1 Corinthians 2:1-5; Psalms 119:97-102; Luke 4:16-30]

_My speech and my proclamation were not with plausible words of wisdom, but with a demonstration of the Spirit and of power, so that your faith might rest not on human wisdom but on the power of God. - 1 Corinthians 2:4-5 (NRSVCE)_

In today’s First Reading, Paul makes a very striking statement. He states that he spoke to them purely in line with what the Holy Spirit directed him to. He did not use lofty words or wise theology to speak to them. He let the power of God speak to them, that their faith may be rooted in the power of God, and not so much on the words of wise men.

This is a very interesting take, as Paul was a Jewish theologian before his conversion. He knew the old Jewish books and was used to having deep theological debates with other Jewish scholars. When he went to speak to the people of Corinth, he did not use this background to preach to them, he spoke from his heart. He let God lead them. He let the Holy Spirit guide him. It would have been so difficult for him to let go of all that he had known from the past, in baring himself to be used by the Holy Spirit, to be used as a donkey for Christ.

One cannot know God's love and understand the cross and what Jesus did for us through His death and resurrection unless we experience it in our hearts. We can use our mind all we want to debate and try to make sense of it all. But in the end, it’s our hearts that need convincing. We cannot remain in the head level of understanding the mystery of Christ’s death and resurrection, we need to experience the heart of it. Our knowledge can blind us away from the truth, and in most cases, simplicity of thought is what can bring about the breakthrough.

Jesus is calling us today to get to know Him in our hearts.

God Bless and have a great day!