---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-09-25T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Ecclesiastes 3:1-11; Psalms 144:1-4; Luke 9:18-22]

_For everything there is a season, and a time for every matter under heaven:  
a time to be born, and a time to die;  
a time to plant, and a time to pluck up what is planted; - Ecclesiastes 3:1-2 (NRSVCE)_

Today’s First Reading is one of my favourite verses in the Bible. I love the poetry in it, and the truth and deep meaning in it.

I was taking a walk and was just thinking to myself, this place looks nice, perhaps, I can check if there’s wifi here, so I could work sitting here sometimes. I took out my phone, and there on my lock screen were a bunch of message sand notifications. I spent a few seconds letting my brain ramble through the barrage of information and then I opened my phone, now completely lost as to why I even took my phone in my hand. It took me a whole minute to remember why! As I was doing this, the Holy Spirit pointed out to me that this was what was happening to me. It was quite a stark revelation. This, while it applies to a phone, and many other situations in our lives, it also primarily applies to our relationship with God. We have a desire to be in communion with Him, to talk to Him, to be with Him, to follow Him, but we let life distract us. We might have started with the right intention, but then our notifications pop up, and before we realise it, we’re on a different path, and it takes us time to get back.

Distraction is everywhere, we all need to learn to turn these notifications off, and let God lead our lives. We’re so busy trying to live our lives, that we forget to live it. A good way to overcome this is through a retrospection every night. Taking the time, before we sleep to turn off all our distractions, walk through the day in our minds, and see what we intended to achieve, what we did, and perhaps why we did not get through some tasks. And starting our day with God, asking Him what we ought to do with the day, asking Him to speak to us, then sets us up for the day. We’d probably get distracted, but through His grace, we can steer ourselves back on track.

Don’t let the distractions steer you away from life! There is a time for everything in life, Let’s pray to God to give us the grace to do the right thing at the right time.

God Bless and have a great day