---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-10-20T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Ephesians 2:12-22; Psalms 85:9-14; Luke 12:35-38]

_So then you are no longer strangers and aliens, but you are citizens with the saints and also members of the household of God, built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, with Christ Jesus himself as the cornerstone. In him the whole structure is joined together and grows into a holy temple in the Lord; in whom you also are built together spiritually into a dwelling place for God. - Ephesians 2:19-22 (NRSVCE)_

In yesterday’s reading, we read about Paul telling us about Life in Christ, and how we accept our salvation. Today Paul takes us a step further and talks to us about what that means. What does Salvation and accepting Christ in our lives mean for us? He writes that we become citizens of God's kingdom. He uses the metaphor of Israel to illustrate this, which in the time of the people of Ephesus was not a metaphor, but a reality. The people of Israel, throughout the Bible, we read, are God’s chosen people. And Paul tells us that Christ through his sacrifice enrols us into the commonwealth of Israel.

Citizenship is an interesting concept. All of the world is divided into countries, and each country has citizens. We draw our identity based on our citizenship. But not only our identity, but also the privileges we share. There is an index that lists the most powerful passports in the World, and one of the metrics that determine the index, is the number of countries, one is allowed to travel to, visa-free using that passport. Now imagine, an index that also takes into consideration, quality of life, the life span of a human, etc. We’d all want to be a part of that, wouldn't we? The entire global migration scene is largely dictated by this. If we do so much, to be able to gain the citizenship of an Earthly kingdom. How much more must we want to seek out God’s kingdom?

Being a citizen of God's kingdom is like no other. We are one with the saints, the prophets. The perks of this kingdom are like none other, the quality of life - magnificent, longevity of life - eternity, happiness index - infinite. And what’s the criteria for our citizenship - acceptance of the grace of Jesus's sacrifice. That’s it!

Let us strive to look forward to the heavenly kingdom, and focus our efforts on being good citizens of God’s kingdom. God Bless and have a great day!