---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-11-06T10:00:00+01:00
draft: true
---

[Philippians 3:17–4:1; Psalms 122:1-5; Luke 16:1-8]

_And his master commended the dishonest manager because he had acted shrewdly; for the children of this age are more shrewd in dealing with their own generation than are the children of light. - Luke 16:8 (NRSVCE)_

In today’s Gospel, we read about the dishonest steward. A steward is someone who has been appointed on behalf of another - a monarch, a rich man, etc. to represent them and govern on their behalf. So this means that the steward had high regard, and as he was representing the rich man.

We read that the steward was wasting his goods, and he was stripped of his stewardship and was summoned by the master to give an account of his stewardship. At this juncture, fearing for what he would do next. The steward calls his masters debtors and reduces their debt before going to his master. His master knowing what he had done, commended his shrewdness. Looking at this just as is, one might wonder why the master might commend him for his shrewdness. He was being commended for acting for his benefit. And we see Jesus say - _for the children of this age are more shrewd in dealing with their own generation than are the children of light_.

What I read from here is that the behaviour of the unjust steward was worldly. He was looking more at himself. In reducing the debts of his master's debtors, he was only looking at his future employment as he could gain favour in their eyes. He was not looking in any way to lighten their burden., And Jesus tells us that this is how the world behaves, and he clearly says, this is not the behaviour of the children of light. Being children of the light, we’d look out for others, we'd die to ourselves, to love and care for our neighbours.

Let’s learn to be children of the light. Being righteous in the eyes of the Lord, caring for and loving our neighbours.

God Bless and have a great day!