---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-07-27T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Jeremiah 13:1-11; Deuteronomy 32:18-21; Matthew 13:31-35]

_He put before them another parable: “The kingdom of heaven is like a mustard seed that someone took and sowed in his field; it is the smallest of all the seeds, but when it has grown it is the greatest of shrubs and becomes a tree, so that the birds of the air come and make nests in its branches.” - Matthew 13:31-32 (NRSVCE)_

Jesus continues to explain the Kingdom of Heaven in today’s Gospel through parables. Jesus talks about the Kingdom of Heaven being like a small mustard seed, that is planted in a field, which then sprouts and grows into such a huge tree. When I think about this, I find a parallel in the way the Kingdom of Heaven can affect each of us as individuals. We all receive the seed of Love, of God’s Kingdom, and when we receive it well, it slowly grows in us, and as it grows it makes us like a wonderful tree, filled with the Love of God, ready to spread it out to others. We become more willing and generous to love and help others around us, just as the tree has many birds nest on its branches.

The important aspect here is that a tiny seed, when it grows, becomes such a large tree, and that’s how God speaks of the Kingdom of Heaven. We all can think of how we had an encounter with Christ. What was that seed that leads us to Him? And how are we growing, or how is the Kingdom of Heaven growing in us? Just as we received the seed of the Kingdom of Heaven, we too must go out and plant seeds of the Kingdom in others lives.

How the seed that’s planted grows is dependent on what type of soil it was planted on. We read in an earlier chapter, the parable of the sower. I find that these two parables go hand in hand. When a seed is planted on the right kind of soil, or rather the soil is in a state to receive the seed, it flourishes and grows. The seed is the Kingdom, it’s about how we accept it, and how we let it grow in us. We all are on a journey, a journey of drawing ourselves closer to Christ, a journey of letting the Kingdom of Heaven flourish in us.

God Bless and have a great day!