---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-09-17T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Galatians 6:14-18; Galatians 2:16, 20; Philippians 1:20-21; Luke 9:23-26]

_Then he said to them all, “If any want to become my followers, let them deny themselves and take up their cross daily and follow me. For those who want to save their life will lose it, and those who lose their life for my sake will save it. What does it profit them if they gain the whole world, but lose or forfeit themselves? - Luke:23-25 (NRSVCE)_

In today’s Gospel, we hear Jesus tell us about how we become His followers. He’s asking us to deny ourself and follow Him.

We are all pilgrims on this earth. We have a finite life on this Earth, the average life expectancy is about 72 yrs. The earth has been in existence for about 4.6 billion years. Our lives are a tiny fraction compared to the age of the Earth. Now compare this to eternity. The age of the Earth is a tiny fraction compared to eternity. And the saving grace of Jesus is a free gift for us to live eternally with Him in Heaven. Put that in perspective, and then you see what Jesus means. He's asking us to deny ourselves, take up our daily crosses and follow Him. He’s asking us not to be attached to this world. And He goes on to say, _For those who want to save their life will lose it, and those who lose their life for my sake will save it_. When we focus our lives on gaining what’s of this Earth, we lose ourselves. Instead, when we focus our lives on Jesus, we gain ourselves. We may not have the riches of this world, we may not have the pleasures of this world. But our riches and rewards are in Heaven!

Let us look to God, let us desire to be with Him. Let us no look at this world’s riches, for they are, but temporary. let us instead focus on the true riches that flow from a relationship with Christ.

God Bless and have a great day!