---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-10-21T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Ephesians 2:12-22; Psalms 85:9-14; Luke 12:35-38]

_“Be dressed for action and have your lamps lit; be like those who are waiting for their master to return from the wedding banquet, so that they may open the door for him as soon as he comes and knocks. Blessed are those slaves whom the master finds alert when he comes; truly I tell you, he will fasten his belt and have them sit down to eat, and he will come and serve them. If he comes during the middle of the night, or near dawn, and finds them so, blessed are those slaves. - Luke 12:35-38 (NRSVCE)_

Today’s Gospel reading tells us that we must be prepared for the Lord's coming at any time. What does this mean?

We all know of the second coming of Christ. But none of us knows when he will come. We might think to ourselves, that there is always time to repent, to turn to Christ, to lead good lives according to His plan. But, we never know when He’s coming, it could be today, tomorrow or the next year, we do not know. But Jesus warns us to be prepared for His coming, all the time.

There is a deeper life lesson we can learn from this. What good are we, if we’re good only when we know that the master is coming or when someone is watching. Our true nature is who we are all the time. By asking us to be prepared all the time, Jesus asks us to renew our minds, renew ourselves, our lifestyles, into always being the people we were called to be. We see this at work or at home. You might have that one colleague, who makes sure to appear to be hard at work, only when the supervisor or the manager comes by. Don't we all get irritated bu this person, as they'd have been whiling away their time when the supervisor wasn’t around? The true nature of this person is not known to the supervisor. If there were spot checks, like the way we have the Ticket Checkers in the trains, everyone would be doing their work all the time.

Jesus asks us to keep ourselves ready all the time. It’s not only because He could come anytime, but it’s also because our true nature can be that of the person God wants us to be. If you're telling yourself that there’s time, I can change, ask yourself again, why don’t you change right now?

God Bless and have a great day!