---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-08-04T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Jeremiah 30:1-2, 12-15, 18-22; Psalms 102:16-21, 29, 22-23; Matthew 14:22-36]

_Peter answered him, “Lord, if it is you, command me to come to you on the water.” He said, “Come.” So Peter got out of the boat, started walking on the water, and came toward Jesus. But when he noticed the strong wind, he became frightened, and beginning to sink, he cried out, “Lord, save me!” Jesus immediately reached out his hand and caught him, saying to him, “You of little faith, why did you doubt?” When they got into the boat, the wind ceased. And those in the boat worshiped him, saying, “Truly you are the Son of God.” - Matthew 14:28-33 (NRSVCE)_

Today’s Gospel is the same as yesterday’s. Continuing to reflect on the Gospel, we can see our lives in the way Peter reacted. Jesus met the disciples in the storm, they didn’t recognise Him, but thought that he was a ghost. But once He said It is I, Peter  exclaims to Jesus _“Lord, if it is you, command me to come to you on the water.”_s. Jesus does so, and Peter walks on the water, He walks for a bit, and then falls. That's when Jesus asks Him, You of little faith, why did you doubt?

Contrasting this to our lives, we can see that Jesus many a time comes to meet us in the storms of our lives, but at that time, we're crippled with fear, and we do not recognise Him. There are small moments where we gather our faith and then trust, and as we’re walking in faith, we look at the storms in our lives, and they seem bigger to us, much bigger than Jesus, as fear blinds our eyes. We, then slip and fall again. If we need to keep walking on the water, we need to have continued faith in Jesus. Short bursts of faith will only get us so far. Fear blinds our eyes, and a preacher once gave a nice expansion for fear as an acronym - False Evidence Appearing Real.

The storm might look mighty, but our God is mightier than the storm, He is Lord of the storm. No problem is too big for Him to handle. God Bless and have a great day!