---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-08-26T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[2 Thessalonians 3:6-10, 16-18; Psalms 128:1-2, 4-5; Matthew 23:27-32]

_Now we command you, brethren, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that you keep away from any brother who is living in idleness and not in accord with the tradition that you received from us. For you yourselves know how you ought to imitate us; we were not idle when we were with you, we did not eat any one’s bread without paying, but with toil and labor we worked night and day, that we might not burden any of you. It was not because we have not that right, but to give you in our conduct an example to imitate. For even when we were with you, we gave you this command: If any one will not work, let him not eat. - 2 Thessalonians 3:6-10 (NRSVCE)_

In today’s First reading we hear a warning from Paul about idleness. Paul warns us against being idle and speaks to them through their example of working for their meals.

Even though they came as missionaries, they worked for what they ate. They did live off the kindness of the people of Thessaloniki, but they made sure to pay for the bread they ate. We all have the ability to earn our bread. That is, we all have the ability to work for what we eat. God is telling us through Paul, the importance of work. We live on this earth, where we need to cultivate the land for it to grow, bear fruit, and only then can we eat off the fruit. We’re created in a manner that needs us to refuel ourselves every so often to have the energy to live. Our fuel is food, and we must work for it.

I find this interesting that such an instruction exists in the Bible, and it brings to mind to one of the definitions of the Bible - _An instruction manual for one's life_. Reading through the Bible, we not only read through the story of our salvation, we not only read about the history of Israel, but we also receive an instruction manual for life. When we’re in doubt and need answers on how to lead our lives, the Bible, has it.

A final thought about idleness is the famous saying - _An idle mind is a devil’s workshop_. When we’re idle, when we have nothing to do, it’s so easy for the devil to tempt us into sin. When we consume our mind with thought, and our hands with work, we're focussed on the task at hand. Let’s not give the devil a chance to tempt us!

God Bless and have a great day!