---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-12-01T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Isaiah 11:1-10; Psalms 72:1, 7-8, 12-13, 17; Luke 10:21-24]

_At that same hour Jesus rejoiced in the Holy Spirit and said, “I thank you, Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because you have hidden these things from the wise and the intelligent and have revealed them to infants; yes, Father, for such was your gracious will. All things have been handed over to me by my Father; and no one knows who the Son is except the Father, or who the Father is except the Son and anyone to whom the Son chooses to reveal him.” - Luke 10:21-22 (NRSV)_

Jesus says that God chose to reveal the truths of the Kingdom to infants, but kept them hidden from the wise and the intelligent.

In another passage we read _“Let the little children come to me, and do not stop them; for it is to such as these that the kingdom of heaven belongs.” - Matthew 19:14_

The important observation here is that Jesus is giving us a blueprint of how we ought to be, to understand the truths of the Kingdom of Heaven. Infants are pure in heart. Have you ever seen a child with their mother or father? If the Father says jump, they’d jump completely trusting that the Father would catch them. Now, contrast that to the Trust Fall. As part of team-building exercises, people practice the trust fall, where a person falls backwards, hoping that their colleagues standing behind them would catch them. I use the word hope here, because, that's the state of mind with which someone would take on the trust fall. Compared to Infants, adults would find it a lot more difficult to trust that someone would catch them. We'd have a ton of questions in our minds. I find it difficult to do the trust fall. That’s what's so different with Infants, they trust their Father and Mother so much, and just follow. When we approach the Kingdom of God in that manner, completely putting ourselves in the trust of God our Father, that’s when we can fully and completely have the truths of the Kingdom revealed to us.

Let us learn to be like Infants, when it comes to accepting the Word of God, so that we may have more revealed to us, and we may lead more fruitful and God-centric lives.

God Bless and have a great day!