---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-11-20T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Revelation 10:8-11; Psalms 119:14, 24, 72, 103, 111, 131; Luke 19:45-48]

_Then he entered the temple and began to drive out those who were selling things there; and he said, “It is written,‘My house shall be a house of prayer’; but you have made it a den of robbers.” - Luke 19:45-46 (NRSVCE)_

This is the second time we read of Jesus clearing the temple.

This verse reminds me again about the sanctity of our bodies. We read in 1 Corinthians 6:19

_Or do you not know that your body is a temple of the Holy Spirit within you, which you have from God, and that you are not your own?_

We all received the Holy Spirit in us during our baptism, that makes us living temples, our bodies are temples for God. How much more cautious we must be about keeping ourselves clean? We all sin, and that sin causes our bodies to become unclean. That’s when we need to reach out and ask Jesus to cleanse us. Confession cleanses us of our sin.

Let us keep this on the top of our minds always - Our bodies are temples of God. That’s precisely why the evil one tries to get us to sin with our bodies. Let us remember to keep the sanctity of our bodies and refrain from denigrating the temple of God. This is also an important reminder for you and - that we are special. How wonderful and marvellous is it to know that we are temples of God, that the God of all the universe, chooses to live in us. That’s how unique and special each of us is.

You are loved! Our God loves you so much.  
God Bless and have a great day!