---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-08-21T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Ezekiel 37:1-14; Psalms 107:2-9; Matthew 22:34-40]

_He said to him, “‘You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your mind.’ This is the greatest and first commandment. And a second is like it: ‘You shall love your neighbor as yourself.’ On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets.” - Matthew 22:37-40 (NRSVCE)_

In today’s Gospel Jesus tells us what are the most important commandments to follow. As I was looking at this a part that struck me was on the emphasis on love. As we’ve been reading the past few gospel passages, the central theme that strikes is love. Love is mentioned time and again as the answer to everything. And Jesus even talks about Love being the most important commandment. He says that every other commandment hinges on this, and oh so, it is o true.

As I was reflecting on this, I started to wonder, how would a world we live in be if everyone loved each other? Imagine a world where you love the postman, the passerby on the street, the cashier, the bus driver, your colleague in the office, your neighbour, your brother, your sister… Everyone only wants the best for the other, everyone is selfless, and cares more for the other, than oneself. I reckon that is what heaven would be like! But we all can bring heaven down on earth, in our small ways by actually following the commandments and being love to one another. If we can truly love, we can experience a glimpse of heaven on earth!

The emphasis on love is so profound as God is love, and that’s where all of this hinges on. The human form of love, or what we define love on, is superficial, and self-centred in many ways. But the love that we are called to, is the love of God. Just as Jesus spoke about dying for one’s friends as being the highest form of Love, the Love which he expressed for us by his death on the cross, we too can love, with His grace.

God Bless and have a great day!