---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-12-31T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[1 John 2:18-21; Psalms 96:1-2, 11-13; John 1:1-18]

_In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. He was in the beginning with God. All things came into being through him, and without him not one thing came into being. What has come into being in him was life, and the life was the light of all people. The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness did not overcome it. - John 1:1-5 (NRSV)_
Today's First Reading and Gospel are both written by John. _The Letter of John, though it cannot be attributed directly to John the apostle, is still believed to be written by him, as the style of writing is so similar._

The Gospel of John starts, quite similar to Genesis 1. John writes of Jesus as God, being one with the Father through creation, John goes on to call Jesus the spoken word of God. The Word of God is living and present in us. We all know that God speaks to us through the Bible, but He also speaks to us through our prayers, visions, feelings, etc. Let's focus on the Bible, the written word alone. When we read a certain passage in the Bible, there are two ways of interpreting it. One is literal, and the other is revealed.

The literal interpretation of the Bible teaches us about what happened. It's factual in nature, it gives us an understanding of the context. A more intricate reading of the Bible requires us to pray to the Holy Spirit and ask Him to reveal to us what God is intending to speak to us through the passage. Like we read in today's Gospel, Jesus is the Living Word, the Bible is the Living Word when we understand in the context fo the Holy Spirit's revelation to us.

God's word when read one time will reveal a certain aspect to us once, and another aspect at another time. The Catholic Lectionary has 3 cycles, which means the same set of readings, repeats itself every 3 years. It is said that Venerable Fulton Sheen used to burn his homilies every year so that he got fresh revelation every year he read the cycles for his homilies.

Another thing for us to understand the Word is that since the Word is Jesus, the written word can be claimed by us. The Bible is a love letter full of promises for us. So when we read and memorise scripture, we can quote it and recount it in times of strife. We all experience fear and anxiety in some form or another. When we memorise scripture that talks to us about God's promises for us, it reinforces in us God's love and protection in our lives.

Here's one verse that I find comforting about worry

_Look at the birds of the air; they neither sow nor reap nor gather into barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not of more value than they? And can any of you by worrying add a single hour to your span of life? - Matthew 6:26-27 (NRSV)_

As we reach the end of 2020, let's look back at the times we've been anxious and find God's words of reassurance, so that we may be strengthened as we step into the New Year! Let 2021 be for the Lord, Let us, as children of God, always know that we are Loved and taken care of by our Father! God Bless and have a great day!
