---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2020-12-03T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Isaiah 26:1-6; Psalms 118:1, 8-9, 19-21, 25-27; Matthew 7:21, 24-27]

_“Not everyone who says to me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only the one who does the will of my Father in heaven. - Matthew 7:21 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel Jesus speaks about doing the will of the Father

God our Father has a specific will for every one of us. It’s our life's purpose to seek Him, to Know Him and discern His will for us in our lives. Jesus writes, that only the one who does the will of Our Father, will enter the kingdom of Heaven.

Doing work for God and Doing the Will of God are two different things. Many a time we can get sucked into doing things that we feel are for God. Be it serving at church, or running a prayer group, or giving talks, etc. But the true fruit of our lives is when we do the will of the Father. We can fall into the trap of doing good works that please us, please the people around us. We need to constantly keep a check to see if it pleases the Father. In everything that we do, we need to discern and ask God for His will.

The evil one uses this as a trap. We might find ourselves doing what we think is good. But we need to ask ourselves who are we really doing this for? Are we doing these things to serve our own desires of feeling good, or are we doing it to please the people around us? A constant introspection on what we do will help us stay away from this trap.

Another important thing to note is that each of us has a specific role to play. In the Body of Christ, we may be the nose, but if we are trying to do the job or the ear or the hand, who will do the smelling? So while it might seem great for us to do the hearing, that’s not God wants us to do. Some of us are called to preach, some to teach, some to pray, some to listen, some to intercede, some to journey… Let’s seek the will of the Father, and do that above all! And let us always keep in mind who we serve through our works!

God Bless and have a great day!