---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-08-03T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Numbers 12:1-13; Psalms 51:3-7, 12-13; Matthew 14:22-36]

_He said, “Come.” So Peter got out of the boat, started walking on the water, and came toward Jesus. But when he noticed the strong wind, he became frightened, and beginning to sink, he cried out, “Lord, save me!” Jesus immediately reached out his hand and caught him, saying to him, “You of little faith, why did you doubt?” - Matthew 14:29-31 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, we see for a brief moment, Peter walking in water and then falling!

The disciples see Jesus walk on water and seeing that it was indeed Jesus, Peter asks Jesus “Lord, if it is you, command me to come to you on the water.” Jesus asks Peter to come, and he starts walking on water. After he walks for a bit, and when he noticed the strong wind, he stumbles and starts to sink. He then reaches out to Jesus to save him. Jesus then asks him why did he doubt?

This is how I find myself at times. Initially trusting God, but when I suddenly see my surroundings, I tend to forget that it is Jesus who is walking with me, and I doubt. I find myself being like Peter many times!

It’s precisely for this reason that Jesus tells Peter - You of little faith! And this apple to us as well when we doubt.

Life gives us many ups and downs. And many a time the mountain before us seems too big to pass around or climb over. And we forget to see that God is the one steering us along. It’s precisely for these times that God asks us to remember the many times he’s blessed us. Many people keep a blessing journal, to remind them of the times God has been faithful to them. For the many blessings, they’ve received. We all need to learn to look at the blessings in our lives. We all need more faith to be able to push through and trust God.

God bless and have a great day!  
