---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-02-23T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Isaiah 55:10-11; Psalms 34:4-7, 16-19; Matthew 6:7-15]

_For if you forgive others their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you; but if you do not forgive others, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses. - Matthew 6:14-15 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel Jesus teaches us how to pray to God.

The important thing that caught me about the Lord’s prayer, given that Jesus emphasises it again, was the concept of forgiveness. When we pray, Jesus tells us to pray by telling God, Forgive us, as we forgive those who sin against us! So that implies, that the pre-requisite for our forgiveness, is when we forgive those who sin against us.

I find this to be such an interesting and deep teaching from Jesus because it talks to us about the true meaning of forgiveness. When we learn to forgive others, only then do we understand what forgiveness means. Let’s say we ask God for forgiveness, but hold on to grudges and anger due to what someone else did to us, since we haven't forgiven them, how can we experience forgiveness? Complete forgiveness is when we forgive our fellow brothers and sisters, and also have God forgive us. So, in a way, our journey of reconciliation is not complete, until we forgive those who've hurt us.

Confession usually puts a glow on our faces, as we feel so light. But the fulness of reconciliation is achieved when we also forgive those who have wronged us. The church is one body, and if each of us forgave each other, then what we pray in the Lord's prayer is true and justified!

How many times have we read the Lord’s Prayer without looking at the deeper meaning behind it? While praying to God, through the Lord’s prayer, we not only ask and tell God that we rely on Him for our Daily bread, we also tell Him that we will lead a good life, by forgiving others, and tell Him that His will be done over ours! Let's learn to pray the Lord's Prayer, and truly mean it.

God Bless and Have a great day!