
---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-07-06T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Genesis 41:55-57; 42:5-7, 17-24; Psalms 33:2-3, 10-11, 18-19; Matthew 10:1-7]

_“These twelve Jesus sent out with the following instructions: “Go nowhere among the Gentiles, and enter no town of the Samaritans, but go rather to the lost sheep of the house of Israel. As you go, proclaim the good news, ‘The kingdom of heaven has come near.’” - Matthew 10:5-7 (NRSV)_

Today’s Gospel seems quite cryptic at first glance. Jesus asks His disciples to go only to the lost sheep of Israel.

I was quite perplexed as to why Jesus would say this! Reading through some of the church fathers, they suggest that Jesus said this before His death and resurrection and only after His resurrection did He tell His disciples to preach to the nations. The Israelites, God’s chosen had been given a chance to hear and accept the good news of Jesus’ saving grace, before His death and resurrection on the cross. Jesus wanted them to know the truth of the Father’s love first. These were the very people who God had rescued from the land of Egypt.

Drawing this as a parallel to our own times, we live in a world where the nations that were previously called Christian, are losing their way. Everyone of the nations that had evangelists and missionaries go and preach to far off lands, are now having a crisis of faith. Churches are in decline, the faith has been watered down! They have become the lost sheep. Jesus is perhaps speaking to us today, to reach out to these lost sheep. To help steer the lives of these people towards God before the second coming of Jesus!

I believe all of us who actively seek the will of God in our lives are put in places and circumstances where God wants us to live out our mission. Let’s look around us, and seek God’s will for each of the people He has put in our lives. Let us seek out the lost sheep, and bring them home!

God Bless and have a great day!