
---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-07-06T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---


[Genesis 32:23-33; Psalms 17:1-3, 6-7, 8, 15; Matthew 9:32-38]

_Then Jesus went about all the cities and villages, teaching in their synagogues, and proclaiming the good news of the kingdom, and curing every disease and every sickness. When he saw the crowds, he had compassion for them, because they were harassed and helpless, like sheep without a shepherd. Then he said to his disciples, “The harvest is plentiful, but the laborers are few; therefore ask the Lord of the harvest to send out laborers into his harvest.” - Matthew 9:35-38 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, we hear Jesus having compassion for the people around telling us that we need more labourers for the Kingdom!

We live in a world with so much division. Division specifically between the haves and the have-nots. The privileged and the oppressed. The knowledgeable and the simpletons. Not every one of us is born equal in this world, when it comes to the circumstances in which we live, are born and are brought up with. We are all one in God's eyes though. When Jesus, in His time, saw the people who were harassed and who were helpless, cried out for them and that’s when He says, that we need more labourers for the Kingdom!

Taking a page out of recent events, one such person who lived out to be a labourer for Christ is Fr. Stan Swamy, who passed away yesterday. He was a Jesuit priest, who stood up for the cause of the marginalised tribals in North East India. He was persecuted and eventually jailed for standing up for the people there. He eventually succumbed to COVID, which he contracted while in prison. One of the statements he made before his arrest rings by my ears even now - _As such, in a way, I’m happy to be part of this process because I’m not a silent spectator, but I’m part of it, part of the game. I’m ready to pay the price, whatever be it._ The entire video can be found here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNVibqUVZDU

It is at times like these when we find ordinary men, who stood up for the people around them who were oppressed and suffering, that we are reminded of Jesus' words in today’s Gospel. And we must ask ourselves - Are we going to stand by as spectators? Or are we going to stand up and be labourers for Christ!

The world is in dire need of people who can stand up for the Kingdom of God! We all have a sworn duty, as Christians to take up our mantle, and fight the good fight. Bringing more people to the light. I can’t think of anything else beyond love, love for the people of God, that pushed Fr. Stan to take on the case of the tribals. It’s love, and the knowledge that this world is but temporary, that he decided to die, in pursuit of the call that God had put in his heart!

Let’s take a moment to pray for his soul, and learn from him on seeking God on His mission for our lives!
God Bless and have a great day!
