---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-03-04T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Jeremiah 17:5-10; Psalms 1:1-4, 6; Luke 16:19-31]

_Thus says the Lord: Cursed are those who trust in mere mortals and make mere flesh their strength, whose hearts turn away from the Lord. They shall be like a shrub in the desert, and shall not see when relief comes. They shall live in the parched places of the wilderness, in an uninhabited salt land._

_Blessed are those who trust in the Lord, whose trust is the Lord. They shall be like a tree planted by water, sending out its roots by the stream. It shall not fear when heat comes, and its leaves shall stay green; in the year of drought it is not anxious, and it does not cease to bear fruit. - Jeremiah 17:5-8 (NRSV)_

In today’s First Reading we read about whom to place our trust in!

This reading is from Jeremiah, and we read about the state of a human who puts their trust in man or fleshly things. The fallacy or the trickery in this is how we deceive ourselves, or let ourselves be deceived by the ways of the world - money, position, power - mammon. We let these control us, by placing our trust in it! We also place our trust in people, mere mortals. We grow our relationships with a sense of giving and take, - _I scratch your back, you scratch mine._

God tells us that, this path does not heed any good. Placing our trust in mortals, seem great at first, but when things get tough, when the morals themselves are put to test, or when we see their true colours, we end up feeling deserted. That’s what God wants us against. If there’s one thing this pandemic has taught us, it’s how little are we in control of our lives. The people whom we've perhaps placed our trust in, cannot come to our aid!

God asks us to place our trust in Him. All-knowing, creator of the Universe. He knows our hearts, when we submit ourselves to Him, when our Faith, our Future, our Hope is in Him, we can rest like the birds of the sky or the fish in the sea. The funny thing is that we rarely understand or fully accept this promise from God.

_Look at the birds of the air; they neither sow nor reap nor gather into barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not of more value than they? - Matthew 6:26 (NRSV)_

It sounds crazy to believe and claim this promise, but the people who live by it will bear testament to this. There are so many people out there who’ve given their lives to God and trust Him completely for their next meal. It’s difficult to do that, but the reality is that it is true. When you place your trust in God, life begins to make sense!

God Bless and have a great day!