---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-08-02T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Sirach 24:1-4, 16, 22-24; Psalms 34:5, 7, 9-10, 18-19; Galatians 4:3-7; Luke 1:26-33]

_And he came to her and said, “Hail, full of grace, the Lord is with you!” - Luke 1:28 (RSVCE)_

In today’s Gospel, we read of the angel Gabriel appearing into Mary and proclaiming the words - Hail Mary! Full of grace.

I’ve been someone who has struggled with fostering devotion to Mother Mary because I found it difficult to associate Mary, who was a human to the kind of status we as Catholics give her. My name bears Mama Mary’s name, yet, this was a struggle for me.

The origins of the Hail Mary prayer is what we read in the Gospel today. We are, but proclaiming the Gospel when we pray the Hail Mary. Reading today’s Gospel reminds me of how I got over this struggle. I dived in and learned about what the church has to say about Mary. The rich tradition of Mary in the church is under-appreciated for those who do not look to find. Mary always points us towards Jesus. Right from the Wedding at Cana, where she tells the people - _Do as my son tells you_, to the cross, where she was by Jesus’ side. It was Jesus who gave us Mary as our mother!

Today’s Second Reading draws a beautiful parallel to Jesus’ words on the cross to the apostle John where He says - _Behold your Mother,_ and when He says to Mary - _Behold your Son!_

_So you are no longer a slave but a child, and if a child then also an heir, through God. - Galatians 4:7 (NRSV)_

This sonship, the fact that we are heirs of God, is something we need to deeply instil in ourselves. And for many of us who find it difficult, I urge you to intercede through Mother Mary, who will bring you closer to her Son, Jesus, and thereby to God, and to the sonship He offers you!

I want to stress a bit more about what Paul writes when He says, we are no longer a slave, but a child. We need to truly and deeply know that, as our identity. Just like the Israelites were rescued from their slavery in Egypt, we too, through Jesus Christ, are rescued from our bondages to sonship!

God Bless and have a great day!
