---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-06-02T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Tobit 3:1-11, 16-17; Psalms 25:2-9; Mark 12:18-27]

_“For when they rise from the dead, they neither marry nor are given in marriage, but are like angels in heaven.”- Mark 12:25 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, we read of the Sadducees approaching Jesus asking Him about the resurrection.

They lose the story this way, which resembles the story we read in today’s first reading from Tobit. A man dies leaving his wife without children, so according to the Mosaic law, his brother would take her as his wife, and this way all the brothers, totalling 7, were married to the woman. They then ask Jesus, whose wife will she be in the resurrection.

Jesus answers them by first telling them they do not know scripture because they do not give the full account of the woman, as we read in Tobit. And then tells them that in the resurrection, no one will have a wife or a husband. We would be like angels.

This is so deep because in the resurrection we’d all be married to God! Our nuptial union is in Him! Our earthly lives are but temporary.

Again, this scripture should remind us all of who our first priority in life is. God, above all else. Many of us place too much importance on our earthly lives and by virtue of that our relationships. Our union with our spouses on this earth are, but a glimpse of what our union with the Heavenly Father will be like. Let’s remember, while we tend to our earthly spouses, not to be drifted away from our union with God!
God Bless and have a great day!
