---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-03-05T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Genesis 37:3-4, 12-13, 17-28; Psalms 105:16-21; Matthew 21:33-43, 45-46]

_They saw him from a distance, and before he came near to them, they conspired to kill him. They said to one another, “Here comes this dreamer. Come now, let us kill him and throw him into one of the pits; then we shall say that a wild animal has devoured him, and we shall see what will become of his dreams.” But when Reuben heard it, he delivered him out of their hands, saying, “Let us not take his life.” - Genesis 37:18-21 (NRSV)_

In today’s First Reading we read about Joseph who was sold by his brothers.

Joseph was the youngest of his brothers and hence was loved more by his Father, Israel. Joseph was a dreamer. His brothers were jealous of him, and in their jealousy thought of killing him. The elder brother, Reuben intervenes and suggests that they not take his life. Later, we read that he was sold to the Egyptians.

There are multiple instances in the Bible, where we read about jealousy. Right from Cain and Abel, we see that jealousy has a profound impact in causing us to choose death over life. In both Cain as well as Joseph’s brother’s jealousy, we see an extreme sense of their action - they wanted to kill the other person. Jealousy is an inability to rejoice in another person’s happiness. It’s a yearning to get what the other person has.

Jealousy is dangerous, as it is a root, and can grow and devour you from the inside. It grows into something so malicious, as we see in the case of Joseph’s brothers. Even in the world around us, we read of news where jealousy has caused people to behave in such irrational ways. We need to nip jealousy in the bud. Curb it, the moment you see it start growing in you.

Learn to rejoice in the blessings of your fellow brothers and sisters. Their happiness, their joy, should also give you joy. it might seem like one of the most difficult things to do - rejoice in another person’s happiness, but it truly is the best thing you can do. We are all one body in Christ, and when there’s something beautiful happening to the people around us, learning to rejoice, is an act of love.

Social Media gives rise to jealousy and envy, by having people wanting to portray themselves in a better light, and then the people who view their feeds, grow a sense of envy and jealousy. We must learn to guard our hearts against envy and jealousy. When you focus on the blessings that you have, the blessings that God has showered on you, rather than looking at what you don’t have, or what others have but you don’t, there’s so much more peace in your heart. After all, everything we have is from the Lord, and what are we, if we cannot be thankful for what is given to us.

Let’s look deep in our hearts to check for any buds of jealousy, so we can nip them before they grow too big. Let’s learn to be truly happy for our brothers and sisters when they are blessed.

God Bless and have a great day!