---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-01-12T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Hebrews 2:5-12; Psalms 8:2, 5-9; Mark 1:21-28]

_Just then there was in their synagogue a man with an unclean spirit, and he cried out, “What have you to do with us, Jesus of Nazareth? Have you come to destroy us? I know who you are, the Holy One of God.” But Jesus rebuked him, saying, “Be silent, and come out of him!” And the unclean spirit, convulsing him and crying with a loud voice, came out of him. They were all amazed, and they kept on asking one another, “What is this? A new teaching—with authority! He commands even the unclean spirits, and they obey him.” - Mark 1:23-27 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, we read about Jesus driving out an unclean spirit from a man.

We read that the people were surprised when they saw Jesus speak with authority commanding the evil spirit to leave the man. Even the demons recognised who Jesus was!

This should remind us that whatever trouble we may be going through. Whatever the influence of any spirits we may have, Jesus has the authority to ward it away. Whether it’s the spirit of depression, anger, shame, aggression, suicidal thoughts etc, nothing can stand the sight of Jesus. Whenever you’re overcome with these feelings, these strong temptations, call upon the name of Jesus!

The name of our Lord Jesus is so powerful. We do not realise it. Jesus lives in you and me, and when we let Jesus into our hearts, no spirit can overcome us. Whenever you feel the pangs of temptation, call upon His name. In our darkest hours, He is there to be with us. To heal us, to save us!

So, the next time you find yourself in a deep pit of distress, when everything else around you seems to be falling apart and you seem to see no way around, remember to call upon His name. You have Him in your heart! No evil can come your way.

God Bless and have a great day!
