---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-05-20T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Acts 22:30; 23:6-11; Psalms 16:1-2, 5, 7-11; John 17:20-26]

_"That night the Lord stood near him and said, “Keep up your courage! For just as you have testified for me in Jerusalem, so you must bear witness also in Rome.” - Acts 23:11 (NRSV)_

In today’s First Reading, we read about Paul bearing witness to Christ in Rome.

These words in the reading stood out to me - _Jesus, standing by Paul, asking him to Keep up His courage._

Paul was a bold soldier of God! He stood His ground, never fearing the outcome of Him bearing true witness to Christ. He had something in Him that was unshakeable. He knew, as we read in yesterday’s Gospel, that he is not of this world! He knew that His ultimate destiny was in Christ.

Paul was only focussed on one thing in His earthly life - bearing witness to Christ. That was his primary ministry! That should be our primary ministry too! We read throughout Acts, of Paul’s valiant stand for God. He was constantly following the voice in His heart, the voice of the Holy Spirit, guiding Him.

We see Jesus stand by him, giving him courage! When we stand with God, He is always by our side. If there’s one thing to take away from today’s reading and Paul’s life. It’s how to place our trust, our hope in Him, and remember that we are not of this Earth. We belong to Jesus, we belong to the Kingdom. God will send His angels to protect you, He will stand beside you!

God Bless and have a great day!