---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-02-25T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Esther C:12, 14-16, 23-25; Psalms 138:1-3, 7-8; Matthew 7:7-12]

_“Ask, and it will be given you; search, and you will find; knock, and the door will be opened for you. For everyone who asks receives, and everyone who searches finds, and for everyone who knocks, the door will be opened. Is there anyone among you who, if your child asks for bread, will give a stone? Or if the child asks for a fish, will give a snake? If you then, who are evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will your Father in heaven give good things to those who ask him! - Matthew 7:7-11 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel we see the very famous verses abdout asking and seeking.

I want to draw your focus to the second part of what Jesus says here. _Is there anyone among you who, if your child asks for bread, will give a stone?_

Many a time, we ask Jesus for something, and then wonder why we haven't received it. Some people, also go to the extremes of losing their faith completely. An important thing to note here, when Jesus says Ask and you shall receive, is that God, our Father will only give to us what is good for us. So, when we ask for something and do not get it, it would mean there’s something else waiting for us, or perhaps the thing we asked for was not good for us.

Another aspect of asking is Faith! Do we truly know that what we ask for in Faith, we will receive? Once again, let’s remember that a Good Father gives only what is good for us. So when we ask God, our prayer should instead be - God, please grant this to me, if it is your will. Just as we read, in the Gospel a few days back about the Lord’s Prayer, where we say, Your will be done! Let us always look to God, asking for His will to be done in our lives, rather than expecting Him to be like a genie who grants our wishes!

There’s a lot of depth in everything that we read in the Bible, and it’s important to ask the Holy Spirit to reveal the deeper meaning to us. It’s the same with this verse too! Ask God, for what you need, but tell Him that you'll accept His will even in what you ask of! Ask in Faith, knowing that God will do what’s best for you. Accept the result of your prayer. Remember, to always pray - Thy will be done!

God Bless and have a great day!