---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-05-18T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Acts 2:44-47; Psalms 131:1-3; Luke 12:22-31]

_“Consider the ravens: they neither sow nor reap, they have neither storehouse nor barn, and yet God feeds them. Of how much more value are you than the birds! And can any of you by worrying add a single hour to your span of life?_

_Instead, strive for his kingdom, and these things will be given to you as well.” - Luke 12:24-25, 31 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, Jesus asks us, why do we worry!

I find this so beautiful because this spoke to me today. This is the verse God reminds me of, whenever I worry. These are Jesus’ words!

We all have so much to worry about. And the worry comes from situations we are not in control of. It may be a loved one who’s sick, or our search for a job, or our finances, etc. we all worry. I term myself a perennial worrier! And every time that happens, Jesus reminds me of these promises!

The very essence of His promise is - How can you worry about things not in your control? It’s a very interesting way to look at it! When we seal our lives with the faith we have in Jesus - the promise of the Kingdom. Jesus asks us, why set your eyes on this Earth! Why worry about these things, when you know you cannot control these. He asks us to set our eyes on the Kingdom. And that’s really the only real thing we have in our control. That is, the saving grace of Jesus on the cross. His salvation is available to us, freely given. In a world of uncertainties - the one sure thing available to us - His divine covenants sacrifice.

So, worrying about this Earthly life gets us no where. And Jesus is clear in His promises, lay your trust in me! I know it’s easier said than done. But we can all inch closer in our reliance on Him. As we look towards the kingdom!

God Bless and have a great day!