---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-06-10T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[2 Corinthians 3:15--4:1, 3-6; Psalms 85:9-14; Matthew 5:20-26]

_But I say to you that if you are angry with a brother or sister, you will be liable to judgment; and if you insult a brother or sister, you will be liable to the council; and if you say, ‘You fool,’ you will be liable to the hell of fire. So when you are offering your gift at the altar, if you remember that your brother or sister has something against you, leave your gift there before the altar and go; first be reconciled to your brother or sister, and then come and offer your gift. - Matthew 5:22-24_

Today’s First Reading and Gospel complement each other. In the First reading, Paul speaks about people reading the Mosaic scrolls through a veil. And he goes on to say that we, who are filled with the Holy Spirit, can read the scrolls for what they are! We read them through the lens of the Holy Spirit.

Jesus in the Gospel talks about the way sin is treated in the old and the new covenant. We are held to a higher standard. So, anger, negative thoughts, all fall under the blanket of sin. And Jesus asks us to repent of it before going to the altar. And for us Catholics, also before receiving the Eucharist. Because we become a tabernacle when we receive the Eucharist, remember!

This is a very interesting aspect to think of. It seems rather harsh to think that we even thought of anger against a brother or sister is subject to hell of fire. Another passage from Luke 12:48 reads - _From everyone to whom much has been given, much will be required;_

So, to those of us much is given - which is Christ’s sacrifice and His blanket of grace and the Holy Spirit, through whom our eyes are opened, much is expected. Remember, in the old days, only priests could go to the Holy of Holies, but through Christ, we are a royal priesthood - 1 Peter 2:9 - _But you are a chosen race, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, God’s own people, in order that you may proclaim the mighty acts of him who called you out of darkness into his marvellous light._ Every time we receive the Eucharist, we receive the Holy of Holies in our bodies, into our hearts, we become living tabernacles!

What that really means is that when we let God's Spirit dwell in us, we learn to love like Him, through His grace, we can love like Him. And being engulfed in that attitude of love would mean our actions towards our brothers and sisters would be ordered towards love. So, in essence, the way we can read what Jesus says is - By being engulfed in love, through His grace, we are ordered towards a higher standing of behaviour to our brothers and sisters. So lets, learn to walk in that grace of Love, and don the cloak of Love, we receive through the Holy Spirit dwelling in us. God Bless and have a great day!
