---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-03-10T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Deuteronomy 4:1, 5-9; Psalms 147:12-13, 15-16, 19-20; Matthew 5:17-19]

_“Do not think that I have come to abolish the law or the prophets; I have come not to abolish but to fulfil. - Matthew 5:17 (NRSV)_

In Today’s Liturgy, we read about Moses giving the Israelites a warning to heed to the law as they enter the Promised Land, and we hear Jesus tell the people that He came not to abolish the Law, but to fulfil it

This is a very interesting thing to note, as Jesus who came thousands of years after Moses, held on to the law, and stated that He came to fulfil it, and not abolish it. Which tells us that the laws of those days, of Moses’ time, that has been handed down to us, are still valid. Of course, we must read it in context, but the principal laws, and their meaning is valid and prevalent even now.

We live in a day and age, that tries to redefine everything around us, I believe this is not new for humans, it's probably just accelerated as the information age, we live in, can have a thought that a person has, in one end of the world, reach in a fraction of a second to the other end. We’ve seen the redefinition of our beliefs, the way we worship God, the definition of a family, the definition of who we are as human persons...!

The pandemic has made some of us believe that merely watching Mass over the internet suffices, we’ve lost the understanding of the true presence of Christ in the Eucharist! There is truth and validity in a lot of the laws that we have passed down, and when we know that Jesus Himself, who is 100% God and 100% Man, chose to uphold these laws, how can we conceive that we can choose to change them?

For every reform we try to bring about, for every redefinition of the law we attempt, we must ask ourselves, _Is this in line with God’s plan?_ A lot of the reframing of these laws suit our own convenience, and we tend to look at these as old and misguided because they are not convenient for us. But the definition of sin, remains the same, yesterday, today and will remain the same tomorrow.

_“Sin is an offence against reason, truth, and right conscience; it is failure in genuine love for God and neighbour caused by a perverse attachment to certain goods. It wounds the nature of man and injures human solidarity. It has been defined as "an utterance, a deed, or a desire contrary to the eternal law." - CCC 1849_

So, let us look at the laws in the light of God, ask for His discernment, His will, and not our convenience!  
God Bless and have a great day!