---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-05-19T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Acts 20:28-38; Psalms 68:29-30, 33-36; John 17:11-19]

_“I have given them your word, and the world has hated them because they do not belong to the world, just as I do not belong to the world.” - John 17:14 (NRSV)_

Jesus in today’s Gospel says that we do not belong to the world.

We - over here refers to believers of Christ, all of us! And Jesus is stating that we do not belong to the world.

I found this quite striking when I read this as it teaches us a certain truth, that we need to have stuck to our minds. Once we accept Jesus Christ as our Lord and Personal saviour, we belong to His kingdom. And all our efforts on this earth are directed towards the Kingdom. We no longer live for the riches of this world, but for the fruits of the kingdom.

There’s a certain sense of liberation in us. Not being of this world means we do not need to set our eyes on the pleasures of this earth. On power, money… mammon! We set our eyes on Him, His Kingdom, to Him whom we will be united with!

Every saint thought the same way, and that lead them to focus their eyes on what truly mattered! Their laser-sharp focus on the Kingdom meant they were not easily shaken by the yearnings of this earthly life.

We too need that! How often do we fall into sin and temptation? Not only do we seek out earthly treasures, but we also let worry overtake us. But I find it beautiful to be able to think about this in a radical manner - we do not belong to this Earth! We belong to God’s Kingdom! That truly sets us free.

God Bless and have a great day!