---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-06-08T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[2 Corinthians 1:18-22; Psalms 119:129-133, 135; Matthew 5:13-16]

_You are the salt of the earth; but if salt has lost its taste, how can its saltiness be restored? It is no longer good for anything, but is thrown out and trampled under foot. - Matthew 5:13 (NRSV)_

Today’s passage talks about our purpose on this Earth.

I went about trying to research the web to see if salt can lose its taste. I have never experienced salt losing its taste. And I’ve never actually paid attention to whether salt has an expiry date or not. So I was quite perplexed when I read that salt indeed cannot lose its taste easily. In fact, pure salt retains its taste and does not break down naturally.

The interesting aspect though is that salt with additives can lose its flavour over time. Additives or impurities in salt can cause it to lose its taste. That’s an interesting thing to note, isn’t it!

By our own pure nature, as humans made in the image of God, we were not meant to lose our essence. But when impurity struck, when we let additives seep into us, we suddenly have a shelf life and have an expiry attached to our essence (taste). This doesn’t mean there’s no hope for us, Jesus says - how can its saltiness be restored?. And this is reflected in our sacramental life, as Jesus provides for us a way to restore our taste. Jesus tells us that He is the source of our grace, His death on the cross, enables us to accept the blanket of grace, that restores our taste.

Losing and regaining our taste is not a one-off. We all constantly lose our taste, when we sin, and then regain our taste, our essence, when we go for confession. When we let the additives of the world take over our lives, when we let the impurities of the world adulterate our taste, we put ourselves in a position to lose our taste. But the more we strive to be pure, to refrain from letting these additives pollute us, we remain tasteful and purposeful.

Let’s learn to keep ourselves pure! Let’s retain our taste, being the salt of the Earth!
God Bless and have a great day!
