---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-01-21T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Hebrews 7:25–8:6; Psalms 40:7-10, 17; Mark 3:7-12]

_Whenever the unclean spirits saw him, they fell down before him and shouted, “You are the Son of God!” But he sternly ordered them not to make him known. - Mark 3:11-12 (NRSV)_

I was quite struck by these verses. When evil spirits saw Jesus, they fell before him shouting that He is the Son of God. They saw Him and were scared of Him. They fled from there on Jesus’ words.

I look back at many times in my life where I’ve truly been scared or fearful. Sometimes it’s been of the dark, or a genuine fear that something evil is after me. The fear that grips us at times, overtakes us, our sanity, and we succumb to it. The question I found asking myself today was - How can I have fear when Jesus is in me? When demons flee at His sight, how can I, who believe that Jesus lives in me, have fear?

Fear is one of the foremost reasons for us to behave without reason. We lose rational thought, we tend to not believe or have faith. Fear manifests itself in many forms. Right from the fear of evil, to our fear of death, to our fear of catching a disease. We tend to fear a lot. I may not speak for all of you, but I for one suffer from fear. I find myself needing to remind myself, of who is in me.

We read in 1 John 4:4 - _Little children, you are from God, and have conquered them; for the one who is in you is greater than the one who is in the world._ We need to constantly remind ourselves of who is in us. We need to keep ourselves pure and Holy so that Jesus can live in us. Partake in the Eucharist as often as we can. When we constantly renew our relationship with Christ, whenever fear strikes us, we’d know that Jesus is in us and that demons flee at His sight!

The next time you find fear grip you, just remind yourself of who is in you!

God Bless and have a great day!