---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-02-26T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Ezekiel 18:21-28; Psalms 130:1-8; Matthew 5:20-26]

_But if the wicked turn away from all their sins that they have committed and keep all my statutes and do what is lawful and right, they shall surely live; they shall not die. None of the transgressions that they have committed shall be remembered against them; for the righteousness that they have done they shall live. Have I any pleasure in the death of the wicked, says the Lord God, and not rather that they should turn from their ways and live? But when the righteous turn away from their righteousness and commit iniquity and do the same abominable things that the wicked do, shall they live? None of the righteous deeds that they have done shall be remembered; for the treachery of which they are guilty and the sin they have committed, they shall die. - Ezekiel 18:21-24 (NRSV)_

Today's First Reading is very interesting and speaks of repentance.

God tells us that, when a wicked person turns to God, none of his transgressions will be remembered! God forgives and accepts that person completely. This is beautiful, as they were once blind, but now see the light! God goes on to say that He has no pleasure in the death of the wicked. He wants them to change and turn to Him! We can see here that God loves the wicked too! God loves all sinners. God loves all His creation. So no matter what pit of sin one might think they are in, we must remind ourselves that God loves us, and He would like nothing more than to see us turn from our wicked ways and look to Him. He forgives us with an Open Heart and forgives all our transgressions.

The second part is for all the righteous ones who turn away from God. Reading this, at first sight, might cause one to think that God is being unjust. But, looking at it deeper we realise that God is speaking of those who have seen the light, but yet choose darkness. While God yearns for them to turn back, He knows that when one willingly seeks the dark side, knowing full well what they are doing, they are willfully choosing death. And this is true of the Fallen Angels! They willfully chose death! We as humans, can still repent and seek God. Here, when God speaks of the righteous who turn away from righteousness and do wicked things, He says that they will die. Death here refers to spiritual death, as they knowingly chose evil. They knowingly turned away from God. They were not blind like the wicked. The consequence of sin, for those whose eyes are opened, those who lead a righteous life, are far more, for there is wilful consent to the sin, and that defines mortal sin. Mortal sin is what causes spiritual death and the separation from God!

God is just in His ways, and while this scripture might sound scary, remember that as long as we are on this Earth as Humans, we can repent. Our time on Earth is what determines what we have chosen - Life or Death. The Catholic Church gives us the sacrament of Reconciliation where we can go and repent, and confess our sins to regain our life in God!

Let’s partake in the sacrament of reconciliation more, as we want to be spiritually alive! We are all called to be saints, and we can do that through the grace of God, through the graces we receive in the sacraments!  
God Bless and have a great day!