---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-03-09T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Daniel 3:25, 34-43; Psalms 25:4-9; Matthew 18:21-35]

_Then Peter came and said to him, “Lord, if another member of the church sins against me, how often should I forgive? As many as seven times?” Jesus said to him, “Not seven times, but, I tell you, seventy-seven times. - Matthew 18:21-22 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel we read about Jesus talking to us about forgiveness, yet again!

Peter approaches Jesus and asks him how many times must he forgive his fellow church member, As many as seven times? Ans Jesus tells him, seventy-seven times! Jesus wanted to make the point to Peter that we must continually forgive! We cannot hold a yardstick as to how many times someone has wronged us, and we’ve forgiven them.

Jesus reiterates in the Parable today, that we must forgive, others just as we would like our Heavenly Father to forgive us. It’s a stark reminder for us, imagine if God kept a count of how many times He forgave us, and say He had a threshold for the number of times He forgives us! I wonder where we’d all be! Jesus asks us to forgive others, in the same manner, we’d like God to forgive us.

Forgiveness goes hand in hand with love, as we read in 1 Corinthians 13:4 - Love is patient; love is kind; love is not envious or boastful or arrogant - 1 Corinthians 13:4 (NRSV) When we’re called to love our neighbour, we must not keep a record of their wrong-doing, or the debts!

Forgiveness is a journey and it has such a profound effect on both, the one whom we forgive and in us. For us, it teaches us to love as God did, it takes us closer to being a true follower of Christ! And finally, forgiveness gives us a light heart, we are helping ourselves two-fold - one, by lightening our own burdens, as holding on to the past and holding on to unforgiveness only makes our lives more burdensome, and two, it also implies that God would forgive us, in the same measure we forgive our neighbours!

God Bless and have a great day!