---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-05-14T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Acts 18:9-18; Ps 47 2-7; John 16:20-23a]

“When a woman is in labor, she has pain, because her hour has come. But when her child is born, she no longer remembers the anguish because of the joy of having brought a human being into the world. So you have pain now; but I will see you again, and your hearts will rejoice, and no one will take your joy from you.” - John 16:21-22 (NRSV)

In today’s Gospel Jesus talks to His disciples about His second coming.

He likens the time of pain on this Earth to the birth pangs of a mother, and He tells them about the joy that comes after. When a mother has given birth to her child she goes through so much labour pain, but the moment she sees the child in her arms, all that pain turns to joy!

That’s the beauty of the Kingdom of God. As Christians, we lead a life of pilgrimage here on Earth. Jesus clearly tells us that following His path is not easy. And He tells His disciples quite bluntly that they will face pain. But He tells them that the pain is worth it, for the reward of the Kingdom will cause them to rejoice.

Our time on this Earth is short, we hear the phrase - Life is short, make the most out of it! The question too is Christians is - What does making the most out of life mean? Is it, about gaining fame, power, money, enjoying every bit of it! Or is it about looking to Christ, and developing our relationship with Him as we prepare for the Kingdom? CCC 1, tells us clearly that the life and purpose of man are to Love and Know God! Let’s prepare ourselves, by fulfilling our purpose in this life as we grow in our relationship with God!

God Bless and have a nice day!