
---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-07-08T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Genesis 44:18-21, 23-29; 45:1-5; Psalms 105:16-21; Matthew 10:7-15]

_When he summoned famine against the land,_

_and broke every staff of bread,_

_he had sent a man ahead of them,_

_Joseph, who was sold as a slave. - Psalms 105:16,17 (NRSV)_

We’ve been reading about Joseph and his brothers in the First Reading of the past few days. Joseph was the youngest son of Jacob, and also his father’s favourite! His brothers were jealous of him and had him sold off as a slave to the Egyptians. They had originally planned to kill him, but his eldest brother Ruben intervened and had him sold as a slave instead. Joseph went on to become a powerful man in the Pharaoh's court. He suffered a lot on the way there.

The First Reading is set at a time when all of the world was facing famine, and Joseph had interpreted a dream that the Pharoah had, advised the king on stocking up on grain. The land of Egypt was able to weather the famine and also provided for anyone who came to them. Joseph’s brothers too had come to Joseph to buy some grain, so that they may survive, and that’s the context behind today’s reading.

The striking part of this for me was in the Psalm of today, where the psalmist writes - he had sent a man ahead of them. And this made me ponder, God has a reason for everything that He does. He had planned about how Israel would be fed, much before eth famine even came into place, and he took a seemingly tragic event in Joseph’s life and turned it into such a blessing for his family, and the whole world.

God can take the seemingly worst and most tragic situations in your life and turn them into something good for you. You’d never be able to see the workings of His ways from where you stand now, but looking back, you'll be able to see His hand in your life. God loves each and every one of us, and what defines us is exactly that His love for us, and who we are in Him! Nothing is too difficult for Him. He can turn your life around, just learn to lean on Him! Trust in Him, He is Good, all the time!

God Bless and have a great day!
