---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-02-24T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Jonah 3:1-10; Jonah 3:1-10; Luke 11:29-32]

_When the crowds were increasing, he began to say, “This generation is an evil generation; it asks for a sign, but no sign will be given to it except the sign of Jonah. For just as Jonah became a sign to the people of Nineveh, so the Son of Man will be to this generation. - Luke 11:29-30 (NRSV)_

Today's Liturgy focuses on Jonah and the repentance of the people of Nineveh!

I was quite struck while reading the First Reading today, as there were so many similarities to Lent and the Paschal Mystery we celebrate through Easter. Jonah goes to the people of Nineveh, obeying God’s command. He tells them - _“Forty days more, and Nineveh shall be overthrown!”_. That’s quite an interesting number 40. It’s the same number of days that we observe Lent. The people of Nineveh, heed his warning and repent, they wear sackcloths, and the king declares that they all go on a fast. God seeing, their hearts, spares them of the wrath He said He would bring upon them.

We see Jesus speak about the sign of Jonah, in today's Gospel. He says that just as Jonah became the sign of the people of Nineveh, He will become the sign for this generation. Putting this together, every Lent, in reality, is a call to us to repent for the world, Jesus tells us that we must repent and follow Him. By partaking in these 40 days, we surrender ourselves to Him, through an act of penance, united in Christ, as we wait for His ultimate saving sacrifice, His death and resurrection on the cross, that deems us saved!

The people of Nineveh, at that time, did not have Jesus’ saving grace available to them, then. Yet, they repented and changed their lives. We, the people of this generation, know of Jesus’ saving grace, yet we take it for granted! The world today is perhaps far deeper in sin that the people at Nineveh were ever in. How much more must we repent?

Lent is not a time that’s meant for us to sacrifice for ourselves alone, but for the world! We're all one big body in Christ, and our love for the people of the world, as Jesus asked us to, should extend beyond the confines of our penance for ourselves. We must use this time of Lent, to pray for our brothers and sisters who are blind to the word of God.

Let’s remember the world and the people around us more as we go through our Lent this year!

God Bless and have a great day!