---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-03-02T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Isaiah 1:10, 16-20; Psalms 50:8-9, 16-17, 21, 23; Matthew 23:1-12]

_“The scribes and the Pharisees sit on Moses' seat; therefore, do whatever they teach you and follow it; but do not do as they do, for they do not practice what they teach. - Matthew 23:2-3 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, we see a very interesting statement from Jesus, He tells the people to do what the Pharisees teach, but not to do as they do.

This is quite an interesting position to take, but largely answers many questions we may have about people who teach us. The important thing to note is that there is but, one true teacher - Jesus Christ. He is the only one who teaches and follows what He taught. He’s the one true form of a teacher! No, human in comparison, can come close to Jesus. That's why when we look around, we see people, both clergy and laity alike who might be great at teaching but may not be the best followers of the law.

But, do we discard them, just for that? That’s what Jesus gives us an answer to. Since we are humans, we tend to sin - concupiscence. And though we may teach or preach what is right, also because we know it to be right, we may not always follow it. It’s not easy following the Christian path. So, let’s learn to be charitable to the people who teach us. They may have faults of their own, but discarding them, or cancelling them, is not the right way to go. We live in the age of cancel culture, but just as we read in the Gospel yesterday, let’s learn to forgive them, and as we learned in the Gospel today, let’s separate the person from the teaching, and take what’s good, and learn from it!

No saint was perfect from the beginning. St. Monica had to pray for St. Augustine for 17 years before he turned to Christ. We see teachers and people on this earth, on their journey of being purified, and they have their faults, but let’s learn to be charitable to them, and not condemn or judge them. Just as we know that the Priest, at the mass, is in Persona Christi, remember that the people who teach you, when they are filled with Holy Spirit, are speaking on behalf of God, and let’s look to the source, and accept what’s true and relevant to us!

Pray for the people who teach you, your priests, pastors, lay missionaries, prayer leaders, so that they may be purified along the way.  
God Bless and have a great day!