---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-03-01T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Daniel 9:4-10; Psalms 79:8-9, 11, 13; Luke 6:36-38]

_Be merciful, just as your Father is merciful. “Do not judge, and you will not be judged; do not condemn, and you will not be condemned. Forgive, and you will be forgiven; give, and it will be given to you. A good measure, pressed down, shaken together, running over, will be put into your lap; for the measure you give will be the measure you get back.” - Luke 6:36-38 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, we read about how we must treat our brothers and sisters, the people around us.

Jesus urges us to not judge others and not to condemn them. He specifically says, treat them as you would like to be treated. This is the core principle of Christian belief. Love one another as we love ourselves. But it doesn’t stop there, Jesus urges us to be merciful, just as the Father is merciful to us. So, in essence, we must love others, as the Father loves us! There is no greater Love than that of the Father, our God. He is Love!

This is such a radical way to look at living out the Christian Faith, You see people in your life around, daily, try putting that person in your mind, and see if you can love them - A stranger! Perhaps you were walking by the street, and a car passed by a puddle of water, and part of it fell on you, can we forgive them? Now, imagine putting yourself in the seat of the car driver, and you didn’t realise that there was a puddle of water, or perhaps, you thought you were going slow enough, and mistakenly splashed the puddle of water on a pedestrian. Now, how would you feel when the other person is angry at you. Treat others, in so much as the way you would like to be treated! Give others the benefit of doubt, they too perhaps did not intend to hurt you.

There are times when we do encounter people who deliberately hurt us, and a response in such a situation is really tough. Forgiving the person who hurt you. All hurtful behaviour is disordered and stems from a deeper wounding. While it’s a very difficult thing to forgive someone who hurt you, it’s the most Christian thing to do. Jesus forgave the people who put Him to death. The martyr of the church forgave those who put them to death, who persecuted them. We’re all called to be radical Christians, by emulating the example fo Christ. And just like the saints who passed on before us, forgave, through the grace of Christ, let’s also learn to tap into that grace, and forgive!

Let’s start small, think of a few people who've done you wrong, and try to genuinely forgive them in your heart. Say a small prayer for them, and seek our God’s heart for them. If you feel called to it, call them on the phone, or text them, say a few words of love! Set them free!

God Bless and have a great day!