---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-02-08T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Genesis 1:1-19; Psalms 104:1-2, 5-6, 10, 12, 24, 35; Mark 6:53-56]

_And wherever he went, into villages or cities or farms, they laid the sick in the marketplaces, and begged him that they might touch even the fringe of his cloak; and all who touched it were healed. - Mark 6:56 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, we read about how people thronged to even touch Jesus’ cloak, and that mere act was enough for them to be healed. Just reaching out and making an effort out of their own will to be saved, was enough, Jesus saw that and then healed them. All we need to do to reach Him is to make an effort, and Jesus honours that!

_In the beginning when God created the heavens and the earth, the earth was a formless void and darkness covered the face of the deep, while a wind from God swept over the face of the waters. Then God said, “Let there be light”; and there was light. And God saw that the light was good; and God separated the light from the darkness. God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And there was evening and there was morning, the first day. - Genesis 1:1-5 (NRSV)_

In today’s First Reading, we have the account of creation. It’s been a while since I’ve read this passage, and today something interesting struck me. When I was reading it, I put myself into the shoes of the person writing it. I was surprised to see it so vividly as it would have been for someone witnessing creation. It was as if the author had a vision of the account of creation, perhaps being in the centre, witnessing it all. He saw the beauty of creation unfold, and wrote it down in the way he saw creation to have happened.

One of the many objections to the Bible, I’ve heard from people is the account of Genesis. Genesis was never meant to be taken literally. All the books in the Bible are _inspired_ scripture. So the writing in it, is by man, as per his perception of the inspiration. But putting myself, today, in the shoes of the author, it made so much of a difference understanding the marvel of creation.

For a time in my life, I had been wrestling with this question, and I had found it hard to digest. Hearing people explain to me that the account of creation ought not to be taken literally made me understand it better. For any of you wrestling with these questions, I ask you to reach out to God and ask Him to help you understand it. There are many things that will remain a mystery to us because our human minds can only take in so much! Do not let these be stumbling blocks for you to hear and understand the Good News!

God Bless and have a great day!