---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-01-08T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[1 John 5:5-13; Psalms 147:12-15, 19-20; Luke 5:12-16]

_If we receive human testimony, the testimony of God is greater; for this is the testimony of God that he has testified to his Son. Those who believe in the Son of God have the testimony in their hearts. Those who do not believe in God have made him a liar by not believing in the testimony that God has given concerning his Son. And this is the testimony: God gave us eternal life, and this life is in his Son. Whoever has the Son has life; whoever does not have the Son of God does not have life. - 1John 5:9-12 (NRSV)_

In today’s First Reading, John reiterates to us on God’s saving grace through our salvation in Jesus Christ which leads us to eternal life.

John’s letter, as well as His Gospel, is very interesting to read as there’s so much deep meaning in them. In today’s reading, John writes about trusting God’s testimony over humans. We live in a time which tries to rationalise everything by looking at the world around and trying to make sense of it. Science can only tell us about how much it has discovered. And men lean on science to bear witness to their understanding of creation. John warns precisely about this when he writes - _If we receive human testimony, the testimony of God is greater._

God is our creator, and he is all-knowing. He gave us testimony through Christ His son, coming down on earth, living amongst us as God and Man. Humans, on the other hand, rely on their limited knowledge and when they bear witness to us, can be fallible. John writes and cautions us to rely on God's testimony and not on humans’.

We all face situations on our lives where we question our faith, or rather have our faith questioned. Our generation, which is exposed more to people’s thoughts and testimonies through the information that spreads through social media, are more prone to having our faith questioned. It is precisely for these times that we need to rely on our experiences in God. The deep knowledge that Christ lives in us through our Baptism, that we receive Him in the Eucharist, and it’s in our final abode in Heaven where our eyes would be truly open to the magnificent splendour that is Creation.

Let’s learn to keep our faith in God more than any other Human!

God Bless and have a great day!
