
---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-07-01T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Genesis 22:1-19; Psalms 115:1-6, 8-9; Matthew 9:1-8]

_“By myself I have sworn, says the Lord: Because you have done this, and have not withheld your son, your only son, I will indeed bless you, and I will make your offspring as numerous as the stars of heaven and as the sand that is on the seashore. And your offspring shall possess the gate of their enemies, and by your offspring shall all the nations of the earth gain blessing for themselves, because you have obeyed my voice.” - Genesis 22:16-18 (NRSV)_

In today’s First Reading we read about Abraham’s test.

Abraham did not have a son for a long time and bore his son Isaac when he was about 100 through Sarah. God spoke to Abraham and asked him to offer Isaac as a sacrifice to Him. Just think about what might have been running through Abraham’s mind. Isaac was born to him after so many years of he and his wife being childless. He had made a mistake by heeding to his wife's advice and laying with Haggai his wife’s servant and had borne a son earlier, of whom we read about in yesterday’s Gospel. Abraham might have been wondering if this was God punishing him for that? Just put yourself in Abraham’s shoes, and try to imagine what must have he been feeling!

Nonetheless, he heeded God’s instruction and went to sacrifice Isaac. It was a 3-day journey, and there on Mount Moriah, when he was about to slay his son, the Angel of the Lord called out to him and asked him to stop. After that is when we hear this prophesied over him by the angel.

What faith must Abraham have had in God, that he chose to slay his only son! It’s truly difficult to wrap our minds over that kind of faith. There are two things to note here. Abraham knew God so well, and he was able to clearly discern and hear God’s voice. The second thing to note is his obedience to God. He did not sway. One can wonder, life teaches you how to trust God, and if there’s one thing that Abraham learned through his life, was to really trust God! And we see the beauty of his faithfulness to God. We are all his descendants.

Such is the power of God, and such is the blessing for the people who trust and remain faithful to God. It takes true intimacy and trust in God for us to be able to be like Abraham. Let’s pray and learn to emulate the trust and faith that Abraham had in God!

God Bless and have a great day!
