---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-01-20T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Hebrews 7:1-3, 15-17; Psalms 110:1-4; Mark 3:1-6]

_“Is it lawful to do good or to do harm on the sabbath, to save life or to kill?” But they were silent. He looked around at them with anger; he was grieved at their hardness of heart and said to the man, “Stretch out your hand.” He stretched it out, and his hand was restored. - Mark 3:4b-5 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, we read about Jesus healing a man with a withered hand on the Sabbath.

The Pharisees were looking to find a reason to condemn Jesus’ actions. They were unable to stomach all that He was doing. They had hoped to find a loop hope, through the law which required them to let the day of the Sabbath be a day of rest.

It’s an interesting way in which we see Jesus handle this. He asks them _“Is it lawful to do good or to do harm on the sabbath, to save life or to kill?”_. They didn’t have an answer for Him. We’ve all encountered situations like this before, haven’t we? There are certain things that we’ve been forbidden to do, because of a rule of law that exists. But Jesus teaches us as to how to look at this, and behave in such a situation. We look at the gravity of the situation before us, and He teaches us about doing good above all law.

The Pharisees had taken the law of the Shabath to its very extremes. They have lists of permitted things that one can do on the Shabath and forbid everything else. God told them through the 10 Commandments - Remember the Sabbath day and keep it Holy. God had designated that day for us to rest and worship Him. He wanted for us a day of rest and worship, but the Pharisees interpreted it the way they wanted. Jesus was precisely condemning this legalistic attitude that they were exhibiting. All laws exist so that they can help prevail order in society and our lives. But if we misconstrue these and be too legalistic about it, we tend to lose the essence of the law. We see a lot of these examples in the society that we live. We see such laws and rules even in the church. People have a set idea of how things ought to be and tend to consider anything else a shift away from what is right. We tend to project our idea of the law on others around us, and by doing that we judge others. But we're all called to love one and other, and judging someone is definitely a clear step away from that.

Let’s learn from Jesus, in the way He handled laws and rules. Let's learn to put love over anything else. Let's focus on what matters most, and, while we do follow rules, let’s learn to keep compassion first

God Bless and have a great day!