---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-05-28T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Sirach 44:1, 9-13; Psalms 149:1-6, 9; Mark 11:11-26]

_Then Peter remembered and said to him, “Rabbi, look! The fig tree that you cursed has withered.” Jesus answered them, “Have faith in God. Truly I tell you, if you say to this mountain, ‘Be taken up and thrown into the sea,’ and if you do not doubt in your heart, but believe that what you say will come to pass, it will be done for you. So I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe that you have received it, and it will be yours. Mark 11:21-24 (NRSV)_

Today’s reading is very interesting and raja about the Fig Tree. Jesus himself gives us an explanation for what he intended to show His disciples through the fig tree when Peter asks Him.

Jesus tells us that we must ask in faith, and so long as we believe, and ask in faith, we can move mountains. He used a fig tree, at a time when it wasn’t bearing fruit, probably the least likely time for it to wither away, and through an act of Faith caused it to wither. He was trying to tell us, that faith can achieve the impossible. We are the ones who limit our faith by putting God in a box. We ask only plausible things. How many times have we truly asked God in faith for a miracle?

Another thing that struck me about this Gospel was that if we focused on the fig tree withering away alone, we wouldn’t get the whole message. So often, we spend time on one issue or fall or tragedy in our lives that we miss the larger picture. Just as in this Gospel, let’s learn to look at the larger picture in our lives. God is slowly unveiling it to us.

Let’s learn to have more Faith!

God Bless and have a great day!
