---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-03-15T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Isaiah 65:17-21; Psalms 30:2, 4-6, 11-13; John 4:43-54]

_Then he came again to Cana in Galilee where he had changed the water into wine. Now there was a royal official whose son lay ill in Capernaum. When he heard that Jesus had come from Judea to Galilee, he went and begged him to come down and heal his son, for he was at the point of death. Then Jesus said to him, “Unless you see signs and wonders you will not believe.” The official said to him, “Sir, come down before my little boy dies.” Jesus said to him, “Go; your son will live.” The man believed the word that Jesus spoke to him and started on his way. - John 4:46-50 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, we read about Jesus healing the son of a royal official in Capernaum.

The part that strikes me here is when Jesus says - “Unless you see signs and wonders you will not believe.” Jesus is alluding to the fact that people want a sign or a miracle to believe. People in those times as well as now, do not believe unless they see a sign or a miracle.

Jesus through these words was challenging the people at that time, as well as challenging us now - Do we really need a sign to believe? Can we not start by believing? Do we need a huge miracle in our lives, for us to start believing? Looking at the lives of some of the saints, who believed right from the time they were a child, and continued steadfast in their lives, their belief came first, and the depth of their friendship with Christ was so amazing. They’d converse with Him regularly, and miracles and wonders were a normal part of their life. But the important thing here was that they did not believe because of miracles and wonders!

I find this an interesting aspect to ponder upon - Is our belief based on what Jesus can do for us, in terms of our lives, our health, our wealth, our jobs, etc.? Or is our belief in God, because He is God?

We face a tough situation in this world when we talk about evangelisation, because the world, more now than ever before, demands a sign or a miracle to believe. The truth is not hidden, it’s out there in the open - _Seek and ye shall find_, said Jesus. A little bit of searching and the truth of life, the truth of God, can be found. It’s that little bit of seeking that we need to do. My life is so much more different after I began to seek.

Let’s learn to seek the truth. Let’s learn to seek God. Let’s learn to have more Faith. Let our belief and faith be rooted in Christ, for who He is, and not for any signs that we would want of Him!  
God Bless and have a great day!