---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-05-27T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Sirach 42:15-25; Psalms 33:2-9; Mark 10:46-52]

_Then Jesus said to him, “What do you want me to do for you?” The blind man said to him, “My teacher, let me see again.” Jesus said to him, “Go; your faith has made you well.” Immediately he regained his sight and followed him on the way. - Mark 10:51-52 (NRSV)_

Today’s reading talks about the healing of the blind man.

A few things that stand out to me here are that Mark when writing about this miracle knows the name of the blind beggar - Bartimaeus son of Timaeus. Secondly, it’s the faith of the blind man and his question. Finally his response to his healing.

Breaking it down, Jesus was passing by that way. And as we all know Jesus, was fully in control of everything He did. Which meant He knew the blind man was there when He walked by that road. The blind man shouted out, and despite people asking him to keep quiet, shouted out louder. When Jesus calls him, He asks him what he wants and Bartimaeus says - My teacher, let me see again. This cry from the blind man doesn’t seem like a cry for his sight alone. He really wanted to see again. He wanted to see Jesus. And we see this in his reaction - he didn’t go about his way after being cured. He followed Jesus!

Every miracle of Jesus, though it manifested in a physical healing, was of a deeper inner healing. And I believe, for Bartimaeus as well, his true healing was in him being able to see and follow Christ.

We’re faced in situations where we might be blinded by what’s happening around us. The world might seem dark and meaningless. But Jesus, is just there, right at arms reach. All we need to do is, to reach out, like the blind man. Notice that Jesus did not walk up to the blind man, but he walked by him. An acceptance of Jesus comes from within us. Jesus is gentle, and He gives us the choice to reach out to Him. The most important thing for us to know is that He is there, and we need to reach out. No matter what your circumstances, Jesus can give you sight!

God Bless and have a great day!