---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-01-25T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Acts 22:3-16; Psalms 117:1-2; Mark 16:15-18]

_“While I was on my way and approaching Damascus, about noon a great light from heaven suddenly shone about me. I fell to the ground and heard a voice saying to me, ‘Saul, Saul, why are you persecuting me?’ I answered, ‘Who are you, Lord?’ Then he said to me, ‘I am Jesus of Nazareth whom you are persecuting.’ Now those who were with me saw the light but did not hear the voice of the one who was speaking to me. I asked, ‘What am I to do, Lord?’ The Lord said to me, ‘Get up and go to Damascus; there you will be told everything that has been assigned to you to do.’ Since I could not see because of the brightness of that light, those who were with me took my hand and led me to Damascus. - Acts 22:6-11 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel we read about St. Paul and his conversion. He gives his testimony to the people of Gamaliel.

We see such earnestness in his testimony, and what struck me was this. He was a good man. Even though he was persecuting people, he was a good man. He was doing what he knew to be good. He did not know better. It was that personal encounter with Jesus, where Jesus asks him, Why are you persecuting me? that changes the course of his life. He realises who Jesus is, and accepts him in that instant. Paul is one of the greatest evangelists. Half of the New Testament can be attributed to him. He leads such a life of sacrifice for Christ.

Two things that strike me here are 1) There is a need to evangelise. There are so many people like Paul out there, who do not know the truth, they believe in what they think is the truth. Being blinded by the beliefs that have been instilled in them by the world. They all need to hear the Gospel of Jesus Christ. They all need to hear the message of salvation. 2) The urgency with which Paul preached the Gospel. When you read the letters of Paul, you see with what conviction and urgency he preaches the word. There is a sense of urgency in his message. He warns people to repent and turn to Christ. He talks about the second coming of Christ on so many occasions.

He went forward and preached to many nations, after being touched by Christ. After realising the truth of the Gospel. He spent his life preaching the word, being imprisoned for doing so. But nothing would stop him. Many of the letters he wrote, he did so from prison, and the words that he wrote, resonate to us, to this day.

Paul’s words in 2 Timothy 4:7 - _I have fought the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept the faith._ These words tell us that Paul strived till the very end, giving every second of His life to God’s call. At the end, how many of us will be able to exclaim, just as Paul did?

Let’s lead our lives, keeping the Gospel in the forefront, let’s lead out lives with a zeal to spread the word.

God Bless and have a great day!