---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-03-26T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Jeremiah 20:10-13; Psalms 18:2-7; John 10:31-42]

_Jesus answered, “Is it not written in your law, ‘I said, you are gods’? If those to whom the word of God came were called ‘gods’—and the scripture cannot be annulled— can you say that the one whom the Father has sanctified and sent into the world is blaspheming because I said, ‘I am God’s Son’? If I am not doing the works of my Father, then do not believe me. But if I do them, even though you do not believe me, believe the works, so that you may know and understand that the Father is in me and I am in the Father.” Then they tried to arrest him again, but he escaped from their hands. - John 10:34-39 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, we read about the Jews trying to stone Jesus.

The society Jesus lived in those days, were intolerant. Anything that they found that wasn’t in line with what they believed, they disregarded. They wanted to stone Jesus because Jesus proclaimed that He is God. They called this blasphemy and their intolerance sought to stone Him. The beauty in this passage was Jesus' reply to them, which they still couldn’t stomach, and shows us more about their intolerance, and the second aspect was that Jesus escaped from their hands. We read throughout the Gospel on multiple occasions that Jesus escaped from being stoned or arrested, He was always in control of when He would die!

Reflecting a bit more about the intolerance we read about at the times of the Jews, many a time we find ourselves being intolerant of others. If the Jews had paid heed to what Jesus was speaking, tried to understand what He was teaching, they would’ve seen Jesus for who He is, just like his disciples and followers. But they weren’t willing to do that.

Tolerance takes up many forms, and for us as believers, we live in a world, where we find our faith not being tolerated by others. The world seems to be at odds with the beliefs we hold. Many a time, we’re forced to question what we believe in, precisely because it seems uncomfortable to face the intolerance of the world. But Jesus faced the intolerant attitudes of the Jews, and He stood His ground. He did not change His position, He did not change the way He conveyed His message. He simply spoke the truth.

We will all have a time when we would be faced with a choice of siding with the world or facing the truth. In that precise moment, we must recollect what Jesus did, and as Christians, emulate Him. Christianity is by no means an easy path to live, but we know that it is the One and True Path.

Let’s learn to be more like Christ. God Bless and have a great day!