---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-02-09T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Genesis 1:20–2:4; Psalms 8:4-9; Mark 7:1-13]

_Then he said to them, “You have a fine way of rejecting the commandment of God in order to keep your tradition! For Moses said, ‘Honor your father and your mother’; and, ‘Whoever speaks evil of father or mother must surely die.’ But you say that if anyone tells father or mother, ‘Whatever support you might have had from me is Corban’ (that is, an offering to God)— then you no longer permit doing anything for a father or mother, thus making void the word of God through your tradition that you have handed on. And you do many things like this.” - Mark 7:9-13 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, we see the Pharisees once again trying to find fault with Jesus, and Jesus responds by pointing out a grave flaw in one of their traditions.

Jesus points out that, people give in the form of _Corban_, whatever they might have used to support their parents. This was in direct violation of God's commandment - Honour your father and your mother! The Pharisees twisted the law here, by defying one and trying to state that they were doing so, in trying to keep another.

We live in a society, that is far worse than the times of Jesus when it comes to honouring our Father and Mother. The tradition of taking care of one’s parents is slowly dying. There is a rise in this concept of individualism, where we as a society have become more inward-looking. We care far more for ourselves than for the people around us. Also, once we have our own families, there is a departure from the need to take care of one's parents.

There are very few relationships in our life which are completely God’s choice. i.e. we did not have a means of influencing such a decision. Those relationships are your family - Mother, Father, Brother, sister, etc. We all have a duty towards our family, no matter, how annoying they might be because God put them in our lives. There are also some, who have been scarred by their relationship with their parents, and it’s very difficult to consider loving them. But God calls us to Honour our Father and our Mother. Even in such dire situations, we are called to love them. And that kind of love is painful, indeed, yet, it is the kind of love, you and I are called to!

Let’s not let our desires get the better of us, and let’s learn to go back to the way God intended us to honour our Father and our Mother! If we cannot love the people we can see, hear, and speak to. How can we claim to love a God that we do not see?

God Bless and have a great day!