---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-01-28T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Hebrews 10:19-25; Psalms 24:1-6; Mark 4:21-25]

_He said to them, “Is a lamp brought in to be put under the bushel basket, or under the bed, and not on the lampstand? For there is nothing hidden, except to be disclosed; nor is anything secret, except to come to light. Let anyone with ears to hear listen!” - Mark 4:21-23 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, Jesus speaks about shining the light in us, and not hiding it.

Jesus asks us if we ever buy a lamp to be put under a bushel basket? The light must not be hidden but shone. Jesus then goes on to speak about secrets. We all have secrets, don’t we? Something that we keep hidden from others, perhaps for some time, perhaps forever.

I was listening to a podcast the other day on a study around secrets. There are various reasons why someone might keep a secret. But the major thing to note is that a secret is burdensome to keep. Whenever we are presented with a situation where the conversation drifts to a topic around the secret, we tend to worry. We lie to keep a secret under wraps, and then we need to remember what lies we said so that we keep our story straight. Soon enough, a secret can consume so much of your time and energy. Surely, the people to whom you’ve told all this, care too less about it. But in your mind, this is magnified, you’re constantly thinking about it.

There are many kinds of secrets, but some of the most difficult ones to keep are the ones about our identity. I’m not talking about leading a double life, but mostly around smaller things. We may try to hide the fact that we are a believer when we speak to non-believing friends. We might try to pose as a believer amongst believing friends. We might be hiding where we went on a trip to, what we watch, etc. All these are things we carefully hide away when we meet and talk to our friends, all for fear of being judged. We all like to be in good stead with the people around us, and some secrets, when they are exposed, at least in our minds, would tarnish our image.

Today, Jesus is calling you to keep your identity to Him. Be your true self with Him, completely, and let Him transform you. Let Jesus help you to unburden yourself off these secrets, and let your light shine through. True liberation is when we can be ourselves without the need to hide. We can get that only when we place our identities in Christ. Placing your identity in Christ goes a long way, as you are defining yourself as a follower of Christ, and you lead your life on those principles.

Let us learn to keep the burden of our secrets away. Let us learn to be true to ourselves and the people around us. Let us learn to live true and liberated lives.

God Bless and have a great day!