---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-05-21T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Acts 25:13-21; Psalms 103:1-2, 11-12, 19-20; John 21:15-19]

_“When they had finished breakfast, Jesus said to Simon Peter, “Simon son of John, do you love me more than these?” He said to him, “Yes, Lord; you know that I love you.” Jesus said to him, “Feed my lambs.” A second time he said to him, “Simon son of John, do you love me?” He said to him, “Yes, Lord; you know that I love you.” Jesus said to him, “Tend my sheep.” He said to him the third time, “Simon son of John, do you love me?” Peter felt hurt because he said to him the third time, “Do you love me?” And he said to him, “Lord, you know everything; you know that I love you.” Jesus said to him, “Feed my sheep.” - John 21:15-17 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, we see Jesus asking Peter if he loves him - 3 times!

In many ways, one can contrast this to Peter’s denial of Jesus 3 times, and this was, for Peter’s good, that he may proclaim to Jesus that he loves him as well 3 times over! For Peter that proclamation of his love for Jesus would’ve helped set him free of the guilt, he had from his denial just a few days ago!

I want to zoom in on Jesus’ question and what he was asking of Peter. He only asked Peter if he loves Him and gave him specific instructions on how to go about his ministry.

As I was thinking about this, a specific thought crossed my mind. All the previous Gospels of this week had been pointing us towards living for the Kingdom. And this specific passage instead speaks specifically of love. Are these two different things in the Christian sense? An even deeper question for us. Do we love because of the promise of the kingdom? Or do we love because we have God in us? If we had to separate these two Christian truths, would we still live a life solely dedicated to love, and by that virtue God?

How does that love manifest itself? I believe that’s what Jesus was telling us, by telling Peter what that meant. We need to tend to his sheep, we need to take care of the people God has put in our lives. True love is unconditional, and by virtue of that, I do think that we as Christians, are called to Love, solely for what Love is. We are indeed promised the Kingdom of God, but Love in itself is the primary way in which we can live our lives when we truly want to walk the Christian walk!

I’d like to think of it as - Love being the primary and most important thing in life as a Christian - and that’s what Jesus tells us too. And The Kingdom of God is an answer to why we exist on this Earth!

And finally, we are all called to Love, and what that Love entails, when it comes to our fellow brothers and sisters, is to want for them the beauty of the God in their hearts too. How can we love, when we are not sharing the greatest gift we have received!

God Bless and have a great day!