
---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-06-28T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Genesis 18:16-33; Psalms 103:1-4, 8-11; Matthew 8:18-22]

_Then he said, “Oh do not let the Lord be angry if I speak just once more. Suppose ten are found there.” He answered, “For the sake of ten I will not destroy it.” - Genesis 18:32 (NRSV)_

In the first reading, we learn about the power of intercession. We see Abraham plead with God for Sodom and Gomorrah, asking Him to spare them if He finds 50 good people. He continues to bargain with God by going down to 45, 40, 30, 20 and finally 10. God heard Abraham’s plea and agreed to spare Sodom and Gomorrah if there were at least 10 righteous people. Don’t you think God would’ve known that Abraham truly wanted to say 10 right at the beginning? We limit our understanding of God when we bargain with God! The lessons here are twofold 1 - We serve a limitless God, and let’s be bold with what we ask of Him. 2- Intercession is powerful. God heeded Abraham’s plea when he pleaded with God. True love for our brothers and sisters, especially when they are in sin, calls for our intercession for them. That they may be spared, that they may be saved. Let us learn to intercede for the people around us, whether it be our family members, friends, loved ones, or our neighbour, or a person on the street. Let us learn to love, and intercede for them, so they may be saved. Let’s pray for a change of heart, and ask for God’s mercy to be poured out on them!

_Another of his disciples said to him, “Lord, first let me go and bury my father.” But Jesus said to him, “Follow me, and let the dead bury their own dead.” Matthew 8:21-22 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, Jesus asks us this question - Why wait to follow Jesus? It’s easy for us to be carried away by the duties of this world, that we put the call in our lives on hold. We tell God, _Wait, Let me finish my university exams… Let me finish this project at work… Let my child grow up… Let me get this done…_ Jesus tells us to follow Him right away. There will always be something around the horizon that we ought to finish before we follow Him. All we are doing is lying to ourselves. Let’s learn to follow Jesus, right now. Let’s learn to take on the mission He has for us in our lives right now!

God Bless and have a great day!
