---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-01-04T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[1 John 3:2~4:6; Psalms 2:7bc-8, 10-12a; Matthew 4:12-17, 23-25]

_and we receive from him whatever we ask, because we obey his commandments and do what pleases him. And this is his commandment, that we should believe in the name of his Son Jesus Christ and love one another, just as he has commanded us. All who obey his commandments abide in him, and he abides in them. And by this we know that he abides in us, by the Spirit that he has given us. - 1 John 3:22-24 (NRSV)_
In today’s liturgy, we read about following God’s commandments.

John makes an interesting statement when he says that we receive from him whatever we ask because we obey his commandments and do what pleases him. We all know that Jesus said ask and you shall receive and we know that God gives us what we ask for. An interesting aspect that touches me here is how John speaks about our state for us to be able to ask and receive. Many of us complain of our prayers not being answered. We may ask God for something and not have that given to us. That causes us to wonder why, and many a time it turns out to be a lack of faith. But John points out a very interesting point. When we follow His commandments, living our lives abiding in Him, it’s then that we receive what we ask of Him.

There’s an interesting aspect of our desires, our wants our needs when our minds turn towards Christ. When we are focussing our lives towards serving God, what we ask of Him as well changes. A priest once told me the distinction in prayer, most of our prayer is directed towards our selves, our needs, it’s more self-centred. Selfless prayer on the other hand is a prayer that is intended towards others. I believe we’re all called to pray more for others. Because scripture clearly tells us

“Therefore I tell you, do not worry about your life, what you will eat or what you will drink, or about your body, what you will wear. Is not life more than food, and the body more than clothing? Look at the birds of the air; they neither sow nor reap nor gather into barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not of more value than they?” - Matthew 6:25-26 (NRSV)

God clearly tells us not to worry about our own needs and that He will provide.

I believe that as we turn to God more and focus on Him more, our prayer also changes, more towards being selfless and cantered around others, as we’d be more content in knowing that we are taken care of.

Let us learn to be lead lives that glorify God, by following His commandments. Let’s learn to be more selfless in our prayers.

God Bless and have a great day!
