[Tobit 2:9-14; Psalms 112:1-2, 7-9; Mark 12:13-17]

_“Jesus said to them, “Give to the emperor the things that are the emperor's, and to God the things that are God's.” And they were utterly amazed at him.” - Mark 12:17 (NRSV)_

Today’s passage is very interesting as it speaks about taxes!

The Pharisees and the Herodians were sent to Jesus so they could try and trap Him. Jesus knowing their intentions confronts them and asks them - Why put me to the test? Jesus doesn’t shy away from answering them though. He asked them for a denarius and asks them whose inscription was on it. And when they answered - Caesar, that’s when Jesus says these words.

If we ask ourselves what is of the emperor or in our case our governments, it would be the public spaces, the roads, infrastructure, government, the law of the land… So, when we are required to give taxes or abide by the law of the land, Jesus asks us to give to the government, what is due.

The next part is when Jesus tells us to give to God what is of God’s, and for that, we must ask ourselves what is ours that is from God? It’s our lives, isn’t it? We’re called to give our lives to God. And that would entail living our lives out for God, keeping Him at the Center. In the plane of what takes precedence, it of course is God!

Of course, when there are rules that the Government lays down that are contrary to God like we read in the Bible, we must not hesitate to lay our lives down for God, for the truth.

We’re faced with many such questions in the world we live in - a good way to look at it is to see if we’re breaking a moral principle from God by following a law that we seem to take issue with. All authority that’s given to leaders on this earth is from God. No matter, how unGodly the leaders themselves may seem. God let that be, and only He knows why!

We should all choose wisely when it comes to making such decisions and let’s remember the way Jesus handled this, and follow His stead!
God Bless and have a great day!
