
---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-06-17T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[2 Corinthians 11:1-11; Psalms 111:1-4, 7-8; Matthew 6:7-15]

_I wish you would bear with me in a little foolishness. Do bear with me! I feel a divine jealousy for you, for I promised you in marriage to one husband, to present you as a chaste virgin to Christ. But I am afraid that as the serpent deceived Eve by its cunning, your thoughts will be led astray from a sincere and pure devotion to Christ. For if someone comes and proclaims another Jesus than the one we proclaimed, or if you receive a different spirit from the one you received, or a different gospel from the one you accepted, you submit to it readily enough. - 2 Corinthians 11:1-4 (NRSV)_

Today’s First reading and Gospel have so much to say.

Starting with the First reading, we hear Paul talk about how easily people give into false teachings. He laments about how people tend to be mislead easily. He asks if the reason for them to do so was because he doesn’t accept money from them. Paul is protective of the people of Corinth and deeply desires that they may not be strayed away from the true teachings of Christ. Many a time, we place an abundance of value when something has a price attached to it. Anything freely given is sometimes not valued as much. It’s human psychology to look at what has a price attached to it and give it more value. But we need to be careful and guard ourselves against this notion. Because everything that the Father gave us, He gave it to us for free! Including our Salvation, through Jesus’ death on the cross! Let’s take a moment to think back at the times where we’ve taken things for granted, just because it was free. Whether it was a preacher who came to your church and preached for free, or a sermon you watched on YouTube for free, or your local prayer group who welcome you with open hands. Do we place value in these free things or have we diminished their value because they are free?

Today’s Gospel has an important statement from Jesus that we tend to easily miss

_“For if you forgive others their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you; but if you do not forgive others, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.” - Matthew 6:14-15 (NRSV)_

While God would forgive us of any sin, there’s one condition He places for us - to forgive others, and only then will our sins be forgiven. We say this in the Our Father prayer whenever we pray it. So let’s remember to forgive our trespassers. The burden of anger and unforgiveness is too much to weight to carry. Let’s learn to unburden ourselves by forgiving our brothers and sisters. Remember that you’re actually helping yourself out when you do that!

God Bless and have a great day!
