---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-05-26T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Sirach 36:1, 4-5, 10-17; Psalms 79:8-9, 11, 13; Mark 10:32-45]

_And they said to him, “Grant us to sit, one at your right hand and one at your left, in your glory.” But Jesus said to them, “You do not know what you are asking. Are you able to drink the cup that I drink, or be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with?” They replied, “We are able.” Then Jesus said to them, “The cup that I drink you will drink; and with the baptism with which I am baptized, you will be baptized; but to sit at my right hand or at my left is not mine to grant, but it is for those for whom it has been prepared.” Mark 10:37-40 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, we read of James and John approaching Jesus and asking to be seated at the right and left hand of Jesus. I find Jesus’ reply to their request quite beautiful. He replied gently and with love. James and John had no clue what they were asking of Jesus. The John mentioned here is the same John that wrote the Gospel of John and Revelation, he is the only apostle who died naturally.

James and John were with Jesus and had a heart to learn from Him. They followed Him along as faithful disciples. Their naive question here, suggests that they knew little of what the Kingdom was, and what the sacrifice of Jesus meant. This is like how some people view the kingdom. I found myself in a similar spot, not knowing what the sacrifice of Jesus meant, or what it would mean for me to say I would follow Jesus. James and John, after being filled with the Holy Spirit at Pentecost, went on to be powerful warriors for Christ, They spread the news of the Kingdom far and wide, and have been so instrumental in the foundations of our church.

Just look at John’s transformation - He transformed from a naive young disciple to such a powerful evangelist. His Gospel has so much truth and depth about the Eucharist. To think that, someone like John, who would ask such a nave question - to write a Gospel and have such profound Revelations, speaks of only one possibility - Maturity in the Spirit! John had let the Holy Spirit take control of His life and he followed the will of the Father. He did indeed drink of Jesus’ cup - The Eucharist and was baptised with the Holy Spirit.

An important message here is in John’s transformation. He, at once was looking for fame and glory. But was completely transformed when he fully understood what following Jesus meant. He gave himself completely for the service of the Lord! He is indeed celebrated in the Church today, and for reasons, in a way, completely different to what he might have imagined when he asked this question to Jesus.

Walking the call of Christianity is not easy, and is often misunderstood. Walking the call of Jesus entails deeply listening to God, and submitting ourselves to His will. To love our fellow brothers and sisters, as Jesus did. Many a time, we let our earthly desires take over, and even in the church, even in ministry, we tend to seek fame, name, and all these earthly things. It’s an easy slope to fall into, hence we need to remind ourselves, what truly following Jesus is, time and again.

God Bless and have a great day!