
---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-06-04T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[Tobit 11:5-17; Psalms 146:1-2, 6-10; Mark 12:35-37]

_“While Jesus was teaching in the temple, he said, “How can the scribes say that the Messiah is the son of David? David himself, by the Holy Spirit, declared, ‘The Lord said to my Lord, “Sit at my right hand, until I put your enemies under your feet.” ’ David himself calls him Lord; so how can he be his son?” And the large crowd was listening to him with delight.” - Mark 12:35-37 (NRSV)_

Today’s reading is rather short but packs a deep meaning.

First, let’s break down the Gospel passage. When read in another translation it makes more sense. In this part - The Lord said to my Lord. The first usage of Lord refers to God the Father and the second usage of Lord to Jesus. So the question Jesus is asking here is - How can Jesus be called Son of David when David himself calls Jesus Lord?

This is a very interesting and striking question to us. We know that Jesus is 100% Man and 100% God. And the real question Jesus puts to us here is for us to ponder over, why Jesus, who is Lord of David, chose to come down to the Earth, born in the lineage of David, and die on the. cross for our sins?

I don’t think we put enough emphasis on the fact that Jesus, our God coming down as Man, belittle himself, and then did a painful death. This is the ultimate expression of Love! This is precisely what separates Christianity from any other religion.

To think that God, all-mighty, the God who created the universe, loves you and me, and gave His life to save us. What are we compared to the millions of stars and galaxies and creatures? What’s so special about us?

We, humans, are the pinnacle of God’s creation. We are made in His image and likeness. And by virtue of that, are loved by God. John 3:16 says - For God so loved the world that he gave his only Son, so that everyone who believes in him may not perish but may have eternal life.

God loves us and wants us to be with Him. Being a just God, He knows that only a perfect sacrifice can be the only atonement for our sins. Hence, He came down as man for us and died a painful death on the cross. Then He rose from the dead, so we too can hope in the resurrection, knowing that this Earthly life is short-lived, compared to eternity!

Let’s remember each day, as we wake up. That we love and serve a God who died for our sins! God Bless and have a great day!
