---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2021-01-06T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

[1 John 4:11-18; Psalms 72:1-2, 10, 12-13; Mark 6:45-52]
_Immediately he made his disciples get into the boat and go on ahead to the other side, to Bethsaida, while he dismissed the crowd. After saying farewell to them, he went up on the mountain to pray. When evening came, the boat was out on the sea, and he was alone on the land. - Mark 6:45-47 (NRSV)_
In today's Gospel, we read about Jesus walking on water.

In the past when I've rad this Gospel I've only focussed on Jesus walking on water, an interesting thing that caught my attention was that Jesus sent his disciples away so that he could pray.

In the previous verses, we read about how Jesus was preaching to the multitudes, and how he multiplied fish and bread and fed 5000! Right after this, when the crowds dispersed and went on their way home, Jesus sent his disciples ahead of Him, taking time to go and pray by himself.

We hear of Jesus, time and again making time to pray. Jesus was fully man and fully God, yet He knew the importance of the connection with the Father. His earthly ministry was dependant on His constant communication and connection with the Father. He drew His strength from His prayer.

I find this beautiful, as Jesus is setting for us an example of the importance of a connection to God in prayer. He set aside personal time with God the Father, so that He may talk to Him. Jesus spent 3 years on this earth. Reading an account of the Bible gives us a sense of how busy Jesus might have been. We read of so many crowds to whom He preached, the many miracles He performed, yet He found time to pray!

This reminds me and causes me to introspect and ask myself, how many times have I neglected prayer because I felt that I didn't have time. Was I placing my earthly interests and duties above God? How can I fulfil God's will in my life, if I do not even spend time with Him, to communicate with Him, so that I know what my mission is?

Prayer is important! I cannot stress enough how important prayer is! The Catechism of the Catholic Church teaches us - _The purpose of the life of man is to know and love God._ Prayer is the key for us to fulfil this purpose in life! When we find ourselves busy and not finding time to pray we need to stop and ask ourselves if we're taking our purpose in life seriously!

A true Christian is a follower of Christ, and Jesus spent time in prayer, so let's learn to emulate Jesus!
God Bless and have a great day!
