---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2022-01-31T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---


_Now there on the hillside a great herd of swine was feeding; and the unclean spirits begged him, “Send us into the swine; let us enter them.” So he gave them permission. And the unclean spirits came out and entered the swine; and the herd, numbering about two thousand, rushed down the steep bank into the sea, and were drowned in the sea. - Mark 5:11-13 (NRSV)_

In today’s Gospel, we read about Jesus driving the demons away from the Gerasene.

A man in the country of the Gerasenes was possessed by unclean spirits. He lived amongst the tombs, and even though he was harnessed down by chains, he kept breaking them off. He lived a violent and filthy life, howling and bruising himself with stones.

When he sees Jesus appear, at a distance, he runs to him in fear and asks him what does he have to do with him. Jesus simply says - _“Come out of the man, you unclean spirit!”_

Then, Jesus does two interesting things - He asks him for his name, and, secondly when the demons request him to not send him away from the country, but let them enter the swine, Jesus agrees.

I was quite surprised that Jesus let the unclean spirits enter the swine, and I didn’t seem to understand why. I took to reading the Church Fathers on this topic, and they spelt something interesting, Jesus allowed them to enter the swine, to show the people what happens when an unclean spirit enters, them, but more importantly, he wanted to show them, what were the unclean spirits attracted to.

Hogs are considered filthy animals. Notice, how the unclean spirits didn't ask to enter the clean aminal,s like the lambs or the sheep. They specifically asked to enter the swine. The analogy here is that, when we let ourselves become dirty, through sin, we become easy targets for unclean spirits. A sinful person would indeed be attractive to unclean spirits. And the second part of what happens to someone that allows an unclean spirit is death. Remember what Paul writes - _For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord. - Romans 6:23 (NRSV)._

Jesus, in today's Gospel, gives us a clear demonstration of what happens to someone who is sinful!

Let’s strive to be pure of heart, and invite the Holy Spirit of God into us. Seeking God's help to cleanse us of our sins through repentance and contrition.

God Bless and have a great day!
