---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2022-01-25T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---

_And he said to them, “Go into all the world and proclaim the good news to the whole creation. The one who believes and is baptized will be saved; but the one who does not believe will be condemned. And these signs will accompany those who believe: by using my name they will cast out demons; they will speak in new tongues; they will pick up snakes in their hands, and if they drink any deadly thing, it will not hurt them; they will lay their hands on the sick, and they will recover.” - Mark 16:15-18 (NRSV)_

The church today celebrates the conversion of St. Paul!

St. Paul is one of the foremost evangelists, and a large part of the New Testament was written by him, in the form of the Epistles. There are very few epistles, that have not been written by Paul.

Paul, prior to his conversion was a devout Jew. He was well versed with scripture and was convicted of his cause. He went about persecuting the followers of Christ, because, in his heart, he deeply felt that they needed to be destroyed. His truth was that they were wrong, and were promoting a false doctrine. We see something spectacular happen to him on his way to Damascus. Jesus appears to him, and asks him - _`Saul, Saul, why do you persecute me?' (Acts 22:7b)._ Jesus breaks the lies that had become the truth of Saul and reveal to him who He is. The Son of God. This truth sets Saul free, and he goes on to become Paul, the man that brought so many to Christ!

There is a term in psychology called - Grit, which means - perseverance and passion for long-term goals. Psychologists study this trait in humans who are successful in achieving their goals. Paul was a very gritty person, and his passion and fervour, lead to the conversion of so many. He is The model for an evangelist, and his passion and fervour was turned towards good through his conversion.

_I have fought the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept the faith. - 2 Timothy 4:7_

These are Paul's words to Timothy, towards his end days, and a true testament to how he lived his life out. He knew he had lived his life keeping Christ at its centre, and he could die in peace!

In today’s Gospel, we read of what is required by all believers. Jesus calls us all to be believers, that we may go and proclaim the good news to the whole of creation. Jesus gives us the sign of a true believer. Paul was a believer of Christ, and he showed all these signs.

Are we ready to call ourselves, believers in Christ, are we willing to become true disciples of Christ?

God Bless and have a great day!
