---
title: "Daily Reflection"
date: 2022-01-17T10:00:00+01:00
draft: false
---
[1 Samuel 15:16-23; Psalms 50:8-9, 16-17, 21, 23; Mark 2:18-22]

_“Has the Lord as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices, as in obedience to the voice of the Lord? Surely, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to heed than the fat of rams. For rebellion is no less a sin than divination, and stubbornness is like iniquity and idolatry. Because you have rejected the word of the Lord, he has also rejected you from being king.” - 1 Samuel 15:22-23 (NRSV)_

In todays’ First Reading we read about Saul who lead the Israelites into victory in battle over the Amal'ekites. God had sent Saul on a mission to destroy the sinners, the Amal'ekites. But Saul did more than that, he not only destroyed them, he also plundered and looted them. He did what was evil in the eyes of the Lord. He stole from the Amal'ekites, by looting their spoils after the war. Samuel rebukes Saul for what he did, and delivers to him the message that his disobedience had cost him his anointing as King!

This is a very important passage to ponder over. Complete obedience to the Lord should be what our minds are set on. Saul tried to justify his plundering, by suggesting that the people did so, to offer sacrifices to God. But, we can read through the lines here and see that it was perhaps just a disguise for the true act of looting and disobedience.

When God asks us to do something, do we look for personal gain? Do we try to justify our actions of disobedience? We may have a certain gift of the Holy Spirit, but we must be cautious to be obedient to God, in what He has blessed us with. Obedience to God is the most important thing, and our entire life must rest on it!

God Bless and have a great day!
